"The history of thought may be summed up in these words: it is absurd by what it seeks and great by what it finds." - Paul Valery
"How to gain, how to keep, how to recover happiness is in fact for most men at all times the secret motive of all they do, and of all they are willing to endure." - William James
"The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it." - Theodore Roosevelt
"After a fellow gets famous it doesn't take long for someone to bob up that used to sit by him in school." - Kin Hubbard
"We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city." - Alvar Aalto
"Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success." - Rickey Henderson
"Art in the classroom not only spurs creativity, it also inspires learning." - Mickey Hart
"My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor." - Karen Duffy
"Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it." - Niels Bohr
"Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves." - Ernest Dimnet
"I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his 'divine service.'" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I squeeze oranges every morning to make juice." - Utada Hikaru
"I am struck by the fact that personal faith and political agendas are intertwined more closely now than at any other time in recent history." - David E. Price
"It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other." - Oliver Evans
"Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level." - Tim Gunn
"When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous." - Wayne Dyer
"I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times." - Ivanka Trump
"The first guitar I ever got was for my 13th birthday." - Rick Springfield
"Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked." - Lord Chesterfield
"The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live." - Kathy Ireland
"I dress for the image. Not for myself, not for the public, not for fashion, not for men." - Marlene Dietrich
"The paranoiac is the exact image of the ruler. The only difference is their position in the world. One might even think the paranoiac the more impressive of the two because he is sufficient unto himself and cannot be shaken by failure." - Elias Canetti
"Love has always been the most important business in my life, I should say the only one." - Stendhal
"The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death." - Jim Morrison
"I can give you a six-word formula for success: "Think things through - then follow through."" - Rickenbacker, Edward
"But most good movies have a gun in them." - David Sedaris
"I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc." - Diane Wakoski
"I suddenly realized how much I loved her when we attended Alfred Hitchcock's 75th birthday party last August. There was something magical about that night, and it made me see how much she really meant to me." - Rod Taylor
"Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great." - Katherine Jenkins
"I used to watch 'The Waltons' and sob because my family was nothing like that. We had a cruel sense of humor in my family." - Paula Poundstone
"Every test, every trial, every heartache that's been significant, I can turn it over and see how God has turned it into good no matter what." - Charles Stanley
"Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top." - Chili Davis
"It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God." - Albert Barnes
"How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy." - Anna Held
"I feel more mature than most people my age." - Leighton Meester
"I am about to be married, and am of course in all the misery of a man in pursuit of happiness." - Lord Byron
"I have always considered it as treason against the great republic of human nature, to make any man's virtues the means of deceiving him." - Samuel Johnson
"My own early crusade for same-sex marriage, for example, is now mainstream gay politics. It wasn't when I started." - Andrew Sullivan
"Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world." - Blaise Pascal
"And there's a visceral fun in watching Team America and making it, like taking a puppet and throwing it against the wall. Because it's not CG, there's something funny about it." - Matt Stone
"Although my dad was a doctor, we weren't necessarily a super-artsy family. We were just a classic, traditional family who got to take a lot of piano lessons and became a bunch of musicians." - Lisa Loeb
"It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business." - Dolley Madison
"I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully." - Sean Durkin
"I believe we can incentivize more affordable health care in general by better regulating insurance and creating meaningful competition for health care services." - Amy Klobuchar
"Behold, my friends, the spring is come the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!" - Sitting Bull
"Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life." - Robert Byrne
"Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck." - Joseph Heller
"Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age." - Anais Nin
"It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics , to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state." - John Major
"When I finish an album and I find myself listening to it in the car, because it makes me feel a certain way, that's the time to try to let other people know about it." - Herb Alpert
"I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots." - Johnny Depp
"I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more." - Thom Mayne
"But I feel truly wowed by the architecture and the meaning of the architecture if you get lost in it and think about the man hours in the smallest little chapel, and the love involved. God it's fantastic." - Paul Bettany
"There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation." - Walter Lippmann
"The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax." - Albert Einstein
"Truth is the glue that holds government together." - Gerald R. Ford
"In high school, during marathon phone conversations, cheap pizza dinners and long suburban car rides, I began to fall for boys because of who they actually were, or at least who I thought they might become." - J. Courtney Sullivan
"Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services." - Henry Ford
"If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false." - Dean Kamen
"Experience is never limited, and it is never complete it is an immense sensibility, a kind of huge spider-web of the finest silken threads suspended in the chamber of consciousness, and catching every air-borne particle in its tissue." - Henry James
"You can't show me an ad on TV with hard bodies and say I have to buy that car. You have to tell me why that car is better and safer than another car." - Doris Roberts
"Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family." - Shaquille O'Neal
"I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best." - Henry Rollins
"The first reason for the preponderant influence of those Evangelicals who define themselves as advocates of Religious Right theological and political ideologies is that they have both the financial means and technological know-how to make widespread use of modern electronic forms of communication." - Tony Campolo
"And the VCR did the same thing: the movie industry thought nobody would ever watch movies any more." - Niklas Zennstrom
"Americans different in some maybe thoughts or emphasis still have the same ideas. They want a government that lets them be free, that leaves them alone, that doesn't interrupt and interfere with every aspect of their life, that lets them go to work and keep more of what they've worked hard to have." - Mike Huckabee
"Celebrity distorts democracy by giving the rich, beautiful, and famous more authority than they deserve." - Maureen Dowd
"For sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed, they must be interrupted." - Jean Paul
"I turned into a workaholic to the point of where my health was in jeopardy." - Tab Hunter
"But once you are in that field, emotional intelligence emerges as a much stronger predictor of who will be most successful, because it is how we handle ourselves in our relationships that determines how well we do once we are in a given job." - Daniel Goleman
"I make fun of situations and try and find the humor in things, but it's never at the expense of the other guy." - Bob Uecker
"I've had one very bad ankle injury but otherwise I've been incredibly lucky with my fitness. I've worked hard at it and I've always been fit even compared to other players. That sustains you through various parts of your career, but I am 36." - Graeme Le Saux
"I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself." - Loretta Young
"It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion." - Chloe Moretz
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life and the procedure , the process is its own reward." - Amelia Earhart
"Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village." - Thabo Mbeki
"Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness." - Paulo Coelho
"When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans." - Ron Paul
"Fishing provides that connection with the whole living world. It gives you the opportunity of being totally immersed, turning back into yourself in a good way. A form of meditation, some form of communion with levels of yourself that are deeper than the ordinary self." - Ted Hughes
"You are going to let the fear of poverty govern you life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live." - George Bernard Shaw
"In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing." - Vincent Van Gogh
"That a marriage ends is less than ideal but all things end under heaven, and if temporality is held to be invalidating, then nothing real succeeds." - John Updike
"The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities." - Mindy Kaling
"But you can't focus on things that matter if all you've been is asleep for forty years. Funny how sleep rhymes with sheep. You know." - Charlie Sheen
"All studio movies are the middle of the Bell curve. The only way to do something is to do it yourself. And the only way to do that is to not take any money from anyone or take as little money as possible from anyone and that's it." - Thomas Lennon
"But instead of standing up for reason, our government is handing education over to the world of faith." - Polly Toynbee
"I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: 'O Lord make my enemies ridiculous.' And God granted it." - Voltaire
"Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You know, the reward for 'Captain America' is amazing. It's always fun to see a giant spectacle film and see the fun stuff - the special effects." - Chris Evans
"Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle." - Jerry Falwell
"I would forgive my mom, but she's going to have to admit she did some things that were wrong." - Aaron Carter
"Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have." - Ronald Reagan
"My favorite designer is Christian Lacroix, not just because his clothes are amazing and I love them, but because he's so nice. When I did his fashion show, he was the first one to arrive there and he helped everyone." - Adriana Lima
"You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life." - Barack Obama
"You have many years ahead of you to create the dreams that we can't even imagine dreaming. You have done more for the collective unconscious of this planet than you will ever know." - Steven Spielberg
"Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless." - Milton Friedman
"The design of the Mac wasn't what it looked like, although that was part of it. Primarily, it was how it worked. To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it." - Steve Jobs
"Marriage? It's like asparagus eaten with vinaigrette or hollandaise, a matter of taste but of no importance." - Francoise Sagan
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank
"I never had little brothers, so I was totally not used to hearing a lot of cussing at a young age! I learned what 'pull my finger' meant the hard way." - Danica McKellar
"The becoming of man is the history of the exhaustion of his possibilities." - Susan Sontag
"When I was 11 my friend's mom made a peanut butter sandwich. I ate the sandwich and was like, 'I'm never eating anything else again.' And I still eat peanut butter every day. I would put peanut butter on a steak." - Aasif Mandvi
"My mom is in the navy and my dad works for the army, but I never called them 'sir' or 'ma'am' or anything like that, and we never really moved around a lot because both my parents were stationed in D.C." - Ian Harding
"In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me." - Adele
"I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there." - Ernie Harwell
"Species go extinct because there are historical contraints built into a given body or a given design." - Kevin Kelly
"Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future." - Dee Hock
"So in my freshman year at the University of Alabama, learning the literature on evolution, what was known about it biologically, just gradually transformed me by taking me out of literalism and increasingly into a more secular, scientific view of the world." - E. O. Wilson
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. " - Chambers, Allan K.
"When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing." - Michael Jordan
"The most positive men are the most credulous." - Alexander Pope
"It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty." - Johnny Depp
"Now the reason the enlightened prince and the wise general conquer the enemy whenever they move and their achievements surpass those of ordinary men is foreknowledge." - Sun Tzu
"Somehow, I've been blessed to be able to have the young spirit inside - not feel like every year I get a year older. I feel like every year I get a year younger. I don't wake up in the morning with aches and pains." - Rickey Henderson
"In fact, I thought that Christianity was very a good and a very valuable thing for us. But after a while, I began to feel that the story that I was told about this religion wasn't perhaps completely whole, that something was left out." - Chinua Achebe
"One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know." - Groucho Marx
"Having grown up in Bombay, from the day you're born, you have absolute freedom to choose who you want to be." - Freida Pinto
"The superfluous, a very necessary thing." - Voltaire
"If we wish to know the force of human genius, we should read Shakespeare. If we wish to see the insignificance of human learning, we may study his commentators." - William Hazlitt
"Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war." - Joseph A. Schumpeter
"Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand." - Mother Teresa
"When you have lost people like I lost my birth mom at a young age and you remember the whole process of losing her, you want to grab on to something that makes you whole." - Reese Hoffa
"That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime - to set an example - and when he is dead, to be an inspiration for history." - William McKinley
"Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue." - David Hume
"I never was good at learning things. I did just enough work to pass. In my opinion it would have been wrong to do more than was just sufficient, so I worked as little as possible." - Manfred von Richthofen
"Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational." - Hugh Mackay
"All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." - Leo Tolstoy
"Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness." - Indra Devi
"I am proud to have been capable of giving people hope again." - Francois Hollande
"It's hard to be perfect, It really is. I keep learning things after I've already bungled it." - Tina Weymouth
"With enough courage, you can do without a reputation." - Margaret Mitchell
"I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion." - Stephen Rea
"The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities." - Pat Metheny
"Lord save us all from a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms." - Mark Twain
"Imagination is the key to my lyrics. The rest is painted with a little science fiction." - Jimi Hendrix
"I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know." - Rashida Jones
"God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart." - Edna St. Vincent Millay
"No one is going to try to fill my mother's shoes, what she did was fantastic. It's about making your own future and your own destiny and Kate will do a very good job of that." - Prince William
"The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The system is that there is no system. That doesn't mean we don't have process. Apple is a very disciplined company, and we have great processes. But that's not what it's about. Process makes you more efficient." - Steve Jobs
"Here's a proposal, offered only partly in jest: no resident of the United States, whether born here or abroad, should get to be a citizen until age 18, at which time each such resident has to take a test." - Eric Liu
"My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people." - Abdul Kalam
"Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age." - Frank Lloyd Wright
"Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained." - Marie Curie
"I always wanted what Mom and Dad had." - Kim Kardashian
"There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing." - Lorraine Hansberry
"God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal." - Samuel Butler
"Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties." - Gene Tierney
"My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can." - Harry Connick, Jr.
"My dad is a huge rock and roll lead guitar fan. I didn't even really know that until recently. Everything has to have a guitar solo in it." - Slash
"Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform." - Nancy Pelosi
"I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam." - King Hussein I
"The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others." - Albert Schweitzer
"You don't go to the movies to do historical research, unless it's historical research about the movies." - Tony Kushner
"A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could." - Charles Erwin Wilson
"I met Elijah Wood once, I met Peter Jackson, I met Orlando Bloom, and they're all really cool." - Daniel Radcliffe
"Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it.  (Song of Solomon 8:7)" - Bible
"Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating." - Bob Filner
"I was a precocious only child, and then I went through a fat, awkward stage for several years, so I learned to fall back on my humor and personality when I was growing up. It's how you survive, so I think it was more of a natural progression for me, developing into comedy." - Ari Graynor
"Yes, they broke the law, but we can't deport them. Let's get over this pointing fingers and do something about that, whether it - they have to pay a fine, learn to speak English, the history, you can do that. And then you have to give visas for the skills we need." - Michael Bloomberg
"The real hero is always a hero by mistake he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else." - Umberto Eco
"I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business." - Caroline Wozniacki
"At a certain point, I just put the building and the art impulse together. I decided that building was a legitimate way to make sculpture." - Martin Puryear
"We don't love qualities, we love persons; sometimes by reason of their defects as well as of their qualities." - Maritain, Jacques
"Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love." - Jane Austen
"In Seattle, I soon found that my radical ideas and aesthetic explorations - ideas and explorations that in Richmond, Virginia, might have gotten me stoned to death with hush puppies - were not only accepted but occasionally applauded." - Tom Robbins
"I noted that people are happy here in India. When I went back home, people had everything in the materialistic sense and were surrounded with abundance, but they were not happy." - Goldie Hawn
"There's no being wrong in seeing something in art, only being disagreed with." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared." - Eddie Rickenbacker
"But acting is very much a profession that is you're hot one moment and not the next - and that is totally cool. I think that's what I find most fascinating and most exciting about it - is that it can be gone in a puff of smoke." - Keira Knightley
"Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended." - Abdul Kalam
"If you're a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team. They don't have a choice." - Jimmy Fallon
"Divorce these days is a religious vow, as if the proper offspring of marriage." - Tertullian
"Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong." - Ice T
"A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value." - Isaac Asimov
"So I'm more at home with my backpack, sleeping in a hotel room or on a bus or on an airplane, than I am necessarily on a bed. It's weird being here. It feels like I'm standing next to my real life." - Henry Rollins
"Hold fast to youth and beauty." - Elizabeth Arden
"I didn't know folk music growing up, no. It's something I've come to study, really, because I think there's so much to learn from traditional music in the sense of the way music began as a way of communication, the traveling storyteller, the bard, the minstrels." - P. J. Harvey
"Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery." - Horace Mann
"Living well is the best revenge." - George Herbert
"There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything. It resides within each one of use as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing. We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment." - Shakti Gawain
"My dad was depressed a lot of the time, and there were a lot of things in his life that he never resolved." - Juliana Hatfield
"It is, after all, the responsibility of the expert to operate the familiar and that of the leader to transcend it." - Henry A. Kissinger
"The American people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. It's fiscal discipline in Washington, D.C. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms." - Mike Pence
"I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others." - Blanche Lincoln
"A great many things which in times of lesser knowledge we imagined to be superstitious or useless, prove today on examination to have been of immense value to mankind." - Lafcadio Hearn
"I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable." - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"At the age of 11 I was about 6 ft. tall and my voice had completely broken. That caused problems. I was this gangly, spotty, very unattractive kid. I wasn't cool and I wasn't a nerd. I didn't even want to fit in with anyone." - Dan Stevens
"Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'" - William J. Clinton
"The reason we wouldn't make a seven-inch tablet isn't because we don't want to hit a price point, it's because we don't think you can make a great tablet with a seven-inch screen." - Steve Jobs
"Unless we practice conservation, those who come after us will have to pay the price of misery, degradation, and failure for the progress and prosperity of our day." - Gifford Pinchot
"A woman my age is not supposed to be attractive or sexually appealing. I just get kinda tired of that." - Kathleen Turner
"True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us." - Socrates
"One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success." - Ashley Montagu
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?" - Lily Tomlin
"Oh, I don't think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. That's not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done he'd prefer me to do it than somebody else." - Clarence Thomas
"You meet people in Hollywood that are famous, and you're not sure what they got famous for." - Rainn Wilson
"All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone." - Jean de la Bruyere
"Happiness is not a matter of events it depends upon the tides of the mind." - Alice Meynell
"I graduated a the top of my class in the '84 Olympic Games I won a gold medal." - Scott Hamilton
"All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change." - Cate Blanchett
"Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations." - Michael Haneke
"My life had become a catastrophe. I had no idea how to turn it around. My band had broken up. I had almost lost my family. My whole life had devolved into a disaster. I believe that the police officer who stopped me at three a.m. that morning saved my life." - Trey Anastasio
"Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it." - Bernard Meltzer
"In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together." - Margaret J. Wheatley
"The good die young but not always. The wicked prevail but not consistently. I am confused by life, and I feel safe within the confines of the theatre." - Helen Hayes
"Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." - William Shakespeare
"The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times." - Robert Morgan
"God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius." - Anna Pavlova
"I watch and listen to movies today and am shocked by the way actors deliver their lines. Everybody mumbles now and I don't understand why." - Maureen O'Hara
"Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer." - Shunryu Suzuki
"It is the around-the-corner brand of hope that prompts people to action, while the distant hope acts as an opiate." - Eric Hoffer
"Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts." - James Russell Lowell
"Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces." - Terry Pratchett
"The thing that's cool about the recording booth is that it's so perfunctory, so cut-to-the-chase." - Ron Perlman
"Heather knows why and when her marriage ended with Richie and she knows why my marriage ended with Charlie." - Denise Richards
"We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight." - Calvin Coolidge
"A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble." - Charles Spurgeon
"The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence." - Martin McGuinness
"I had crossed the line. I was free but there was no one to welcome me to the land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land." - Harriet Tubman
"Beauty is a short-lived tyranny." - Socrates
"Experience is never limited, and it is never complete it is an immense sensibility, a kind of huge spider-web of the finest silken threads suspended in the chamber of consciousness, and catching every air-borne particle in its tissue." - Henry James
"I like directors who have worked as actors. They know the experience." - Gabrielle Union
"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's ironic, really. Guys should be excited that I got Kristen Bell. If Brad Pitt gets Kristen Bell, it's like, 'Well, of course he did.' With me, it should be, 'Oh good, a normal-looking guy got her. Maybe I'll get me a Kristen Bell.' But guys hate my guts for always dating women I have no right to be with." - Dax Shepard
"Hopefully with each thing that you do you're learning something, you're growing, and you're pushing yourself a little harder in some way or another. So I think you'd be in real trouble if each new thing that you create didn't feel like 'Oh, wow. I feel like I'm doing something a little different this time.'" - Rian Johnson
"I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective." - Joe Barton
"I just think that people take me a little more seriously as a brunette. I don't know if that's just because of a societal preconceived notion that all blondes are stupid, but it's a different kind of attitude." - Kate Bosworth
"Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that." - Kevin James
"Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
"Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open." - George Bernard Shaw
"To stand up on a stage alone with an acoustic guitar requires bravery bordering on heroism. Bordering on insanity." - Richard Thompson
"Men live by intervals of reason under the sovereignty of humor and passion." - Thomas Browne
"My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week." - Kay Bailey Hutchison
"To be able to love and live in freedom means to be able to make godly decisions. To make godly decisions we have to surrender our egos and all the falsity and shame that goes with it." - James McGreevey
"Unfortunately we don't have all the bits and pieces on the car that we had hoped to have by this stage so we've got to make as good a job as we can with what we have and we feel we are doing well with that at the moment." - David Leslie
"Readers always seem to think that the author has some control over the design of their books." - Donald Norman
"It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion." - Ivan Pavlov
"It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.'" - Garrett Hedlund
"I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best." - Oscar Wilde
"It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies." - Mike Royko
"There's more pressure to be famous for being yourself than if you're being a character." - Kim Kardashian
"I grew up in a big Irish, Catholic family. My dad was a pretty rough guy. So one of my brothers left home when he was 15 and found his way to the gym. It gave me the opportunity to go and spend some time with him and work out in the gym." - Gerry Cooney
"Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit." - George Fox
"In the year since we brought things into the open with a clean breath of fresh air at City Hall, we have learned about corrupt spending practices and unethical conflicts of interest that waste your money... and keep Dallas from being the great city of our dreams." - Laura Miller
"Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles." - Estelle Getty
"The value and utility of any experiment are determined by the fitness of the material to the purpose for which it is used, and thus in the case before us it cannot be immaterial what plants are subjected to experiment and in what manner such experiment is conducted." - Gregor Mendel
"In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later." - Harold S. Geneen
"Well, one thing, you got to stand in a courtroom and listen to a judge sentencing you to 25 years in prison before you realize that freedom of expression can no longer be taken for granted." - Larry Flynt
"I'd be happy to be taken as a woman - and that's what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasn't going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought I'd change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear." - Eddie Izzard
"Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Anybody who comes to the cinema is bringing they're whole sexual history, their literary history, their movie literacy, their culture, their language, their religion, whatever they've got. I can't possibly manipulate all of that, nor do I want to." - David Cronenberg
"The Met is not only the finest encyclopedic museum of art in the United States it is arguably the finest anywhere." - Jerry Saltz
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." - Napoleon Hill
"I have no mystic faith in the people. I have in the individual." - E. M. Forster
"Money: power at its most liquid." - Mason Cooley
"My goal is to be a household name, and when I do that, I want to help other girls become models, and maybe even launch a fashion line with my mom, like Beyonce did with her mother. My mom has such a good eye, and it's always been a dream of hers." - Chanel Iman
"Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure." - Confucius
"I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct." - John Stossel
"Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and only eating the top half of each one." - Streisand, Barbra
"I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education." - Wilson Mizner
"Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory." - Joshua Foer
"We each have a personal myth, a vision of who we really are and what we want. Health means that part of what you want is to give to others." - George Weinberg
"I believe that every role that I have done this far has had quality and content. My roles have been very demanding and every role has been a challenge and a learning experience that has helped me mature as an actress." - Natasha Henstridge
"An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men." - Thomas Fuller
"I owed Lewis one thing, at least. Once you had suffered the experience of presenting a case at one of his Monday morning conferences, no other public appearance, whether on radio, TV or the lecture platform, could hold any terrors for you." - Anthony Storr
"Change in all things is sweet." - Aristotle
"All men by nature desire knowledge." - Aristotle
"The best theology is rather a divine life than a divine knowledge." - Jeremy Taylor
"Yes, well I really hope I can make a difference, even in the smallest way. I am looking forward to helping as much as I can." - Kate Middleton
"With actors like Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and Harrison Ford, what made them such icons is that even in dramatic movies, their characters had a sense of humor." - Patrick Wilson
"Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd." - Thomas Mann
"I was gone so much in my first marriage. I love the moments when I engage with my youngest daughter now. It's not my thing to sit on the ground and play tea party, but I'll do it because it's a moment that will stick with me forever." - Tim Allen
"I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become." - Mitt Romney
"Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known." - Walt Disney
"You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life." - Barack Obama
"Choose your friends with caution plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith." - Thomas S. Monson
"Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty." - Max Roach
"I will not have my son grow up in a tension-filled home." - Christina Aguilera
"Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process." - Stephen King
"I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time." - Robert Browning
"Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another." - Elie Wiesel
"You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous." - Adriana Lima
"Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve." - Lillian Smith
"You often feel that your prayers scarcely reach the ceiling but, oh, get into this humble spirit by considering how good the Lord is, and how evil you all are, and then prayer will mount on wings of faith to heaven." - Charles Simeon
"When you have a tough loss, go through it and agonize. I had one loss that I still want to change, but at the same time I realize it is an important part of who I am." - Andrew Shue
"Democracy is when the people keep a government in check." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"If a dad does his job, we don't need prisons, we don't need jails. That's what I saw growing up." - Mike Singletary
"I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do." - Martin Lawrence
"The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness." - Honore de Balzac
"Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be." - Martha Beck
"Every picture has been a learning opportunity for me." - Sam Raimi
"The real test of friendship is: can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?" - Eugene Kennedy
"Poor Georgia O'Keeffe. Death didn't soften the opinions of the art world toward her paintings." - Jerry Saltz
"But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever." - Edmund Burke
"We would like to live as we once lived, but history will not permit it." - John F. Kennedy
"It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary." - David Bailey
"We loved with a love that was more than love." - Edgar Allan Poe
"My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias." - Abdul Kalam
"There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality." - Jonas Salk
"Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people." - Joseph Ratzinger
"Liberal Democrats are inexorably opposed to tax cuts, because tax cuts give people more power, and take away from the role of government." - Rush Limbaugh
"Letting your mind play is the best way to solve problems." - Bill Watterson
"Beauty and the Beast became the first animated feature ever nominated for best picture." - Leonard Maltin
"Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic." - Thomas Huxley
"Imagine it's 1981. You're an artist, in love with art, smitten with art history. You're also a woman, with almost no mentors to look to art history just isn't that into you. Any woman approaching art history in the early eighties was attempting to enter an almost foreign country, a restricted and exclusionary domain that spoke a private language." - Jerry Saltz
"People love westerns worldwide. There's something fantasy-like about an individual fighting the elements. Or even bad guys and the elements. It's a simpler time. There's no organized laws and stuff." - Clint Eastwood
"There's nothing like a good cheating song to make me want to run home to be with my wife." - Steven Curtis Chapman
"I think my father would have liked to have been an artist, actually. But I think he didn't quite have perhaps the drive or, I don't know, I mean he had a family to bring up I suppose." - David Hockney
"Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think." - Maya Lin
"I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world." - Thomas A. Edison
"I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful." - Big Boi
"All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives." - Dalai Lama
"Now I believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid entwined together on a bed of clover and left there to sleep, left there to dream of their happiness." - Conor Oberst
"Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage." - William Shakespeare
"Someday there is going to be a book about a middle-aged man with a good job, a beautiful wife and two lovely children who still manages to be happy. " - Vaughan, Bill
"Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"The best of seers is he who guesses well." - Euripides
"All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing." - Maurice Maeterlinck
"I believe, in a funny way, the job of the novelist is to be out there on the fringes and speaking for an experience that has not really been spoken for." - Donna Tartt
"I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil." - Albert Einstein
"I was sick and tired of being an English actor who did a lot of American movies because I was cheap and good." - Daniel Craig
"There are only so many movies you can direct. And yet there are movies that I want to make sure make it to the screen in as honest a way as possible." - Jason Reitman
"God always takes the simplest way." - Albert Einstein
"I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come." - Harvey Weinstein
"You go to a show, and there's no food at all, so if you're doing shows back to back, you can forget eating. I remember standing up in the bath one day, and there was a mirror in front of me, and I was so thin! I hated it. I never liked being that skinny." - Kate Moss
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. " - Chambers, Allan K.
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship." - Buddha
"Let who will boast their courage in the field, I find but little safety from my shield, Nature's, not honour's law we must obey: This made me cast my useless shield away." - Archilochus
"Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men." - Douglas Bader
"Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age." - John Legend
"We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams." - Lenny Wilkens
"When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist." - Akhenaton
"Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship." - John Milton
"Freedom is the right to live as we wish." - Epictetus
"There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good." - Jude Law
"The greatest remedy for anger is delay." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy." - Edmund Burke
"To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained." - Charles Inglis
"I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with." - Dolly Parton
"What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!" - Jamie Oliver
"I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound." - Chelsea Clinton
"Sydney in the 1960s wasn't the exuberant multicultural metropolis it is today. Out in the city's western reaches, days passed in a sun-struck stupor. In the evenings, families gathered on their verandas waiting for the 'southerly buster' - the thunderstorm that would break the heat and leave the air cool enough to allow sleep." - Geraldine Brooks
"I grew up in a Hindu household but went to a Roman Catholic school. I grew up with a mother who said, 'I'll arrange a marriage for you at 18,' but she also said that we could achieve anything we put our minds to an encourage us to dream of becoming prime minister or president." - Indra Nooyi
"I can talk to my dad like he's my manager, and put 'Dad' on the back burner. We've been doing it since I was 13." - Jessica Simpson
"Independence is happiness." - Susan B. Anthony
"Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality." - George Santayana
"The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on." - Ulysses S. Grant
"Boast is always a cry of despair, except in the young it is a cry of hope." - Bernard Berenson
"If you look at the cost of providing health insurance, it actually doesn't cost more to provide a plan with contraceptive coverage than it does without." - Jacob Lew
"For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium." - Albert Camus
"No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words." - Roddy Doyle
"We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!" - Margaret J. Wheatley
"Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end." - Bear Grylls
"I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.'" - Michael Ian Black
"I don't think radio is selling records like they used to. They'd hawk the song and hawk the artist and you'd get so excited, you'd stop your car and go into the nearest record store." - Herb Alpert
"I don't know why I don't watch a lot of movies I can barely keep up with the things my friends are in. There isn't enough time in life." - Meryl Streep
"My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did." - Jeb Bush
"Whatever good things we build end up building us." - Jim Rohn
"If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else." - Thomas Carlyle
"I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us." - Kinky Friedman
"I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession." - John Wooden
"Death solves all problems - no man, no problem." - Joseph Stalin
"When I wonder what the future of books will be, I often think about horses. Before automobiles existed, everyone had a horse. Then cars became available, and their convenience, compared to horses, was undeniable." - Susan Orlean
"Prior to the passage of the Patriot Act, it was very difficult - often impossible - for us to share information with the Central Intelligence Agency, with NSA, with the other intelligence agencies, and likewise, for them to share information with us." - Robert Mueller
"Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success." - Paul J. Meyer
"We are not being arrogant or complacent when we are said that our country, as a united nation, has never in its entire history, enjoyed such a confluence of encouraging possibilities." - Thabo Mbeki
"Art raises its head where creeds relax." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home." - Harry Connick, Jr.
"The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century." - William Lyon Phelps
"Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do." - David Wilkerson
"I've been to all 50 states, and traveled this whole country, and 90 percent of the people are good folks. The rest of them take after the other side of the family." - Jeff Foxworthy
"He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy." - Socrates
"Everyone, young and old, must have access to the knowledge and skills to participate in the evolving economy." - James H. Douglas
"There's a lot of revisionist history that goes on these days about Iraq." - Joe Biden
"The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival." - Aristotle
"I hate fishing, and I can't imagine why anyone would want to hike when you can get in the car and drive." - Joseph Barbera
"The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it." - Stephen Leacock
"Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death." - Elbert Hubbard
"Being successful at a very young age gave me the confidence and the capability to try out other things." - Joshua Lederberg
"Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things." - James Robinson
"I have a lady, she's a great lady. I love her a lot, she loves me. We're on the same page. Whenever that day happens when we're not on the same page we'll move forward with it. We're interested in having our lives be our lives right now and not a third person's vis-a-vis marriage and whatever that means." - Jon Hamm
"Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand." - Plato
"I feel like a good mom. I'm a strong woman now... Don't look down on me. Pray for me because I'm trying." - Fantasia Barrino
"I feel like 35. At 35 you're old enough to know something and young enough to look forward to what you can do with the knowledge. So I stayed at 35!" - Michael Caine
"The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short." - Abraham Maslow
"My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers." - Steve Wozniak
"People with no humor, they're outta my life." - Patti LaBelle
"Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow." - Anne Wilson Schaef
"You owe it to yourself to be the best person possible. Because if you are, others will want to be with you, want to provide you with the things you want in exchange for what you're giving to them." - Harry Browne
"The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone." - Albert Camus
"All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience." - Henry Miller
"Education is a private matter between the person and the world of knowledge and experience, and has little to do with school or college." - Lillian Smith
"The environmental movement, like all political processes, reacts best to disasters. But these are very slow, very gradual disasters in the making." - Ted Danson
"Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go." - Natalie Goldberg
"I always wanted to be honest with myself and to those who have had faith in me." - Rafael Nadal
"Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death." - Floyd Patterson
"Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on." - Mira Sorvino
"No matter what you study, the thing that you know best is what you grew up with." - Maria Sharapova
"The only vice that cannot be forgiven is hypocrisy. The repentance of a hypocrite is itself hypocrisy." - Hazlitt, William
"Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence." - King Abdullah II
"The essence of a government health care system - for people who have never lived under it and don't know - is waiting, waiting, waiting. You wait for everything. You wait for years for operations that are routine in America." - Mark Steyn
"If you don't go towards the thing you fear, you won't be able to say you lived." - Sherri Shepherd
"Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble." - Shahrukh Khan
"Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials." - Meryl Streep
"Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"The reward of a thing well done is to have done it." - Emerson, Ralph Waldo
"I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home." - Rod Stewart
"It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help." - Epicurus
"I'm just a public-schoolboy. I've got a degree. I'm from a middle-class family in Devon. I've got no story." - Chris Martin
"I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles." - Zig Ziglar
"I think it is important for people who are given leadership roles to assume that role immediately." - Bob Iger
"He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils. " - Bacon, Francis
"The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties." - Hugh Blair
"People will survive, and they will find happiness. Happiness only comes when you're not looking for it." - Hugh Laurie
"It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations." - Doug Coupland
"Dr. King's leadership reaffirmed the promise of our democracy: that everyday people, working together, have the power to change our government and our institutions for the better." - Maria Cantwell
"I feel like that I'm learning all the time. I'm learning from new artists, from established artists... every time I listen to '70s rock 'n' roll records, I'm learning. And I think that I'm just now starting to get a hold on what I do." - Tim McGraw
"Because I don't take money, I'll go anywhere and do a benefit concert with almost any orchestra." - David Ogden Stiers
"To me - old age is always ten years older than I am." - John Burroughs
"I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly." - Michel de Montaigne
"I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units." - Harold Ford
"The quintessential revolution is that of the spirit, born of an intellectual conviction of the need for change in those mental attitides and values which shape the course of a nation's development. A revolution whichaims merely at changing official policies and institutions with a view to an improvement in material conditions has little chance of genuine success. Without a revolution in spirit, the forces which had produced inequities of the old order would continue to be operative, posing a constant threat to the process of reform and regeneration. It is not enough merely to call for freedom, democracy and human rights. There has to be a united determination to persevere in the struggle, to make sacrifices in the name of enduring truths, to resist the corrupting influences of desire, ill will, ignorance, and fear." - Kyi, Aung San Suu
"My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple." - Cate Blanchett
"A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles." - Jenson Button
"People were concerned about national security, and that precluded us from having the opportunity to break through on the issues that we cared most about - the economy, education and health care." - Tom Daschle
"Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth." - Henrik Ibsen
"A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning." - Brad Henry
"And fifth, we will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare." - Mitt Romney
"When we started the show, 'Dallas' was known as the city where JFK was assassinated. By the end it was known as JR's home town." - Larry Hagman
"I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I don't download movies, I don't watch Hulu, I don't have Netflix. I don't do any of that. But I do geek out to music." - Miles Teller
"I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art." - Khalil Gibran
"I began even as a boy to realize how wide the world can be for a man of free intelligence." - George Woodcock
"Imagination is the air of mind." - Philip James Bailey
"Some men like a dull life - they like the routine of eating breakfast, going to work, coming home, petting the dog, watching TV, kissing the kids, and going to bed. Stay clear of it - it's often catching." - Hedy Lamarr
"Basically, after an ABC sitcom I did, I ended up with a holding deal with 20th Century Fox. Absolutely cool. It pays you to be unemployed. And the bigger the entity that gives you the deal, the better." - Nathan Fillion
"When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself." - Tecumseh
"What greater aspiration and challenge are there for a mother than the hope of raising a great son or daughter?" - Rose Kennedy
"For me, family always comes first I would do anything to protect them." - Mark Wahlberg
"I am not ashamed to say that no man I ever met was my father's equal, and I never loved any other man as much." - Hedy Lamarr
"My dad was just a big Joseph Campbell nut." - Trey Parker
"To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that." - Saint Teresa of Avila
"The only people that should vote should be legal." - Pam Bondi
"Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do." - Ingrid Newkirk
"I'm not trying to stump anybody... it's the beauty of the language that I'm interested in." - Buddy Holly
"Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Part of treatment for drugs and alcohol is you abstain from these, but with eating disorders you can't abstain from food so the treatment is longer than drugs and alcohol." - Carre Otis
"Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth." - Erma Bombeck
"The only real failure in life is one not learned from." - Anthony J. D'Angelo
"A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache." - Catherine the Great
"Happiness is not a matter of events it depends upon the tides of the mind." - Alice Meynell
"Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs." - Joe Baca
"You have to find a balance with food in your life - you can't take out food. It can be absolutely terrifying." - Carre Otis
"To make the most of your money, I recommend sticking with mutual funds that don't charge a commission when you buy or sell." - Suze Orman
"Progress was all right. Only it went on too long." - James Thurber
"Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved." - Erich Fromm
"We all have to work for happiness. And you cannot listen to other people. That is the worst mistake you can make." - Jillian Michaels
"Man is not imprisoned by habit. Great changes in him can be wrought by crisis - once that crisis can be recognized and understood." - Norman Cousins
"Man is God's highest present development. He is the latest thing in God." - Samuel Butler
"That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end." - Francis Quarles
"At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design." - Jim Henson
"I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!" - Ken Hensley
"Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer." - Marco Rubio
"Surfing soothes me, it's always been a kind of Zen experience for me. The ocean is so magnificent, peaceful, and awesome. The rest of the world disappears for me when I'm on a wave." - Paul Walker
"Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives." - Bertrand Russell
"Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death." - Edna Ferber
"Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain." - Bodhidharma
"Today osteoporosis affects more than 75 million people in the United States, Europe and Japan and causes more than 2.3 million fractures in the USA and Europe alone." - Gro Harlem Brundtland
"I love making movies and hope to write my own screenplay someday and do some producing and be behind-the-scenes as well." - Victoria Justice
"Quarreling over food and drink, having neither scruples nor shame, not knowing right from wrong, not trying to avoid death or injury, not fearful of greater strength or of greater numbers, greedily aware only of food and drink - such is the bravery of the dog and boar." - Xun Zi
"I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose." - Joely Fisher
"You'd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do." - Maurice Greene
"Many difficulties which nature throws in our way, may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence." - Titus Livius
"I mean, we must act with intelligence. We must work on this framework, so that immigration becomes an asset to both nations. Believe me, what - just the Mayor Bloomberg said here in New York, that this city would be stopped, totally stopped if it were not by the immigrants working here." - Vicente Fox
"Under the pressure of the cares and sorrows of our mortal condition, men have at all times, and in all countries, called in some physical aid to their moral consolations - wine, beer, opium, brandy, or tobacco." - Edmund Burke
"The worst thing you can do to a kid is tell them that their dreams are invalid." - Juliette Lewis
"I just like movies that somehow expose the world in a way that's different than you imagine it." - Alex Winter
"Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane." - Theodor Adorno
"My mom's collard greens. No one else in the world can make them like hers. I'm not just saying that because she's my mom. She's got some Mississippi secret. I could seriously eat them every day." - Santigold
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man." - Lana Turner
"Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid a coward knows when you are not." - David Seabury
"Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"Life is lived on the edge." - Will Smith
"The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication." - Mike Fitzpatrick
"What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams." - Pedro Calderon de la Barca
"I don't consider Americans bullies, but I do consider the American government bullying." - George Michael
"I'm very lucky. I am one of those people who is able to go home, shut the front door and completely focus on the kids." - Nick Clegg
"If I am in London I like a quick get away to The Olde Bell in Hurley... It's nearby and no stress - great food and beautiful walks." - Sadie Frost
"Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?" - Don Rickles
"As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth." - John Greenleaf Whittier
"The waste basket is the writer's best friend." - Isaac Bashevis Singer
"We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice." - Pope Paul VI
"Small debts are like small shot they are rattling on every side, and can scarcely be escaped without a wound: great debts are like cannon of loud noise, but little danger." - Samuel Johnson
"A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement." - James H. Douglas
"I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit." - Dakota Fanning
"If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud." - Emile Zola
"I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home." - Cathy Guisewite
"The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability." - Chanakya
"As a Member of Congress, I've continued my family's tradition of focusing on education." - Mark Kennedy
"The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it." - Barry Commoner
"I kept my babies fed. I could have dumped them, but I didn't. I decided that whatever trip I was on, they were going with me. You're looking at a real daddy." - Barry White
"We are all here to be a service to those who can't be a service to themselves. We can give people hope and more reasons for being human." - Dionne Warwick
"Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all." - Jerry Brown
"Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"All I know is that I've ruled out wearing fairy wings. When I was nine I wanted to get married in fairy wings, and now I realize that's not cool anymore." - Isla Fisher
"When you get pure joy out of 'being' rather than 'doing' or 'seeing,' that's when you realize how big and unexplainable some things are and being a dad is one of those very few things." - Brendan Fehr
"Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent." - Mitt Romney
"I never really got nightmares from movies. In fact, I recall my father saying when I was three years old that I would be scared, but I never was." - Tim Burton
"Hope founded upon a human being, a man-made philosophy or any institution is always misplaced... because these things are unreliable and fleeting." - Charles Stanley
"We believe, as our founders did, that 'the pursuit of happiness' depends upon individual liberty and individual liberty requires limited government." - Paul Ryan
"I have actually five honorary degrees." - Katherine Dunham
"In a sense, words are encyclopedias of ignorance because they freeze perceptions at one moment in history and then insist we continue to use these frozen perceptions when we should be doing better." - Edward de Bono
"Where are the jobs going to come from?Small business, manufacturing and clean energy. Where's the money to finance them? The banks and the corporations in America today have lots of money that they can invest right now." - William J. Clinton
"I don't want to rap about my car. How generic is that? Be creative." - Andy Milonakis
"My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties." - Albert Brooks
"Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt." - William Shakespeare
"God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him." - Mary Astell
"There was a chance for me to write one song for the section where Elvis sat in his black leather outfit and sang the old hits. At eight oclock the next morning I had written Memories." - Mac Davis
"I would do anything for a part, nearly anything. Being in movies doesn't mean being pretty." - Diane Kruger
"One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream." - Don Marquis
"Every year, some 65,000 high school students - many of them star students and leaders in their communities - are unable to go to college or get a good job because they have no legal status." - Gary Locke
"A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles." - Jenson Button
"No one person invented Mulberry. The knowledge that we had to have this floating harbor slowly grew." - Lord Mountbatten
"Nil By Mouth' was a bit autobiographical, but as I always pointed out at the time, that's not my dad.;Gary Oldman;dad
12370;I couldn't walk down any street in Britain without being laughed at. It was a nightmare. My children were devastated because their dad was a figure of ridicule.;David Icke;dad
12371;I sort of always had an inkling towards some kind of an art form. I grew up in a very small town, and I just figure-skated. My dad played hockey and I was surrounded by sports, but it wasn't quite doing it for me. I wasn't totally fulfilled, and I did a lot of skating.;Rachel McAdams;dad
12372;Also for me it was different because I play a lot of villains and in this one I play a dad and I play a good guy, basically. He's the Secretary of the Treasury. I never had a job like that.;Christopher Walken;dad
12373;I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.;Kid Rock;dad
12374;In addition, there is one title I cherish a great deal more than Congressman and that is the title of... Dad.;J. C. Watts;dad
12375;My dad was the biggest influence on my life because he was never boring.;Christian Bale;dad
12376;Look, I've got incredible pride for my family. I've absolutely fallen into that cliche of a dad who could just happily talk about my daughter endlessly.;Christian Bale;dad
12377;I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.;Christian Bale;dad
12378;My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia, California, so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.;Ashley Tisdale;dad
12379;My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.;Ashley Tisdale;dad
12380;Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that.;Jason Mraz;dad
12381;I'll back up anything my dad says.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;dad
12382;To be fair to my dad, he is one of the brightest men I've ever met.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;dad
12383;A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it.;Sylvia Browne;dad
12384;I grew up in a house where my father encouraged my brother and me to fail. I specifically remember coming home and saying, 'Dad, Dad, I tried out for this or that and I was horrible,' and he would high-five me and say, 'Way to go." - Sara Blakely
"I was lucky to have my dad in my life. As crazy as things got, I always had him to put his hand on my shoulder." - Sharon Stone
"How do I love Tim McGraw? Let me count the ways: I love that he's a country boy with a city sensibility. I love that he refuses to be pegged, and his duet with Nelly proves it. And I really love that he had the brains to marry Faith Hill." - Gayle King
"A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be." - Cesare Pavese
"We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure." - Peter O'Toole
"Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits." - Mike Honda
"If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men." - Francis of Assisi
"My dad, he's the rocker." - Shaun White
"I have always drawn strength from being close to home." - Arthur Ashe
"Who do I like? I am a big fan of French and Saunders - not that that they are particularly stand-up I have to say, but I think they have been great for women and they are of themselves just incredibly funny whether they are male or female." - Jo Brand
"Mr. Speaker, our Nation must no longer be complacent about underage drinking and its alarming consequences. We must bring this national public health crisis out of the shadow and into the bright light of a national priority." - Lucille Roybal-Allard
"There's a difference between a failure and a fiasco... a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions." - Orlando Bloom
"I think that some books are more successful than others to certain readers. People who read my books for the humor, they're going to love one book. People who read my books for the mystery, they might not like that book quite as much." - Janet Evanovich
"I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in." - Rachel Stevens
"Those who speak ill of the spiritual life, Although they come and go by day, Are like the smith's bellows: They take breath but are not alive." - Nagarjuna
"Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music." - Ronald Reagan
"But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you." - Deepak Chopra
"My business was great, and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy." - Shakespeare, William
"Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us." - Thomas Paine
"A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone." - Robert Frost
"Do what you love. Know your own bone gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still." - Henry David Thoreau
"The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you." - Tony Robbins
"Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge." - Carl Sagan
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life." - Albert Camus
"In marriage, a man becomes slack and selfish, and undergoes a fatty degeneration of his moral being." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Marriage is an institution, and you must be fully committed to it." - Gene Simmons
"We think that democracy can change a lot of things, but we're being fooled, because democracy is not the election. We've been taught that democracy is having elections. And it isn't. Elections are the most horrendous aspect of democracy. It's the most mundane, trivial, disappointing, dirty aspect." - Gael Garcia Bernal
"God screens us evermore from premature ideas." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery." - Horace Mann
"I'm happily single." - Paula Abdul
"I think careful cooking is love, don't you? The loveliest thing you can cook for someone who's close to you is about as nice a valentine as you can give." - Julia Child
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?" - Thomas a Kempis
"I think hip-hop does a very good job of infusing comedy and humor and wit into music, a lot more than other genres." - Carrie Brownstein
"Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it." - Sam Ewing
"Perhaps I am doomed to retrace my steps under the illusion that I am exploring, doomed to try and learn what I should simply recognize, learning a mere fraction of what I have forgotten." - Andre Breton
"Most medical physicists work in the physics of radiation oncology making sure that the desired dose is given to the cancer and the dose to normal tissues are minimized." - John Cameron
"I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love." - Henry Ward Beecher
"I worked hard in gymnastics since the time I was six years old until I retired at 23 years of age." - Nadia Comaneci
"The Leader of the Opposition's constitutional obligation - the obligation to Parliament - it's the reason we did the merger! - is to make sure Canadians have an alternative for government." - Stephen Harper
"When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet." - Brian Ferneyhough
"Father told me that if I ever met a lady in a dress like yours, I must look her straight in the eyes." - Prince Charles
"No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical." - Michael Ende
"Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power." - Irving Babbitt
"Yes, 85 percent of the art you see isn't any good. But everyone has a different opinion about which 85 percent is bad. That in turn creates fantastically unstable interplay and argument." - Jerry Saltz
"As a small business owner for the last 15 years, when I think of what truly changed my life, it was my faith, a strong family, my mom did a really, really good job of encouraging me in very clear and discernible ways." - Tim Scott
"Whenever something happens that makes me laugh or if I remember something in the middle of the night that I want to share, I jot the experience down." - Tori Spelling
"There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future." - Anil Kapoor
"I was considered by my peers to be a good comedian. So that's all I ever strived to do was get some recognition from my peers." - Ron White
"Bob Hope, like Mark Twain, had a sense of humor that was uniquely American, and like Twain, we'll likely not see another like him." - Dick Van Dyke
"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination." - Albert Einstein
"I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself." - Sara Blakely
"It's like why people read scary books or go see scary movies. Because it creates a distance. They're scared, but they're not going to get hurt." - Vincent D'Onofrio
"The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history." - Dalai Lama
"The biggest surprise about our marriage is that Erin was out there." - James Denton
"Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about." - Tori Amos
"For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language." - Joseph Brodsky
"It's totally different from last year because I came in with good shape with no health worries so it was about going out there and running well and enjoying it." - Paula Radcliffe
"One of my favorite activities as a teen-ager was to watch television over the phone with my best friend." - Susan Orlean
"I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and enjoy life. That's what I want for my son." - Charlize Theron
"Accident counts for as much in companionship as in marriage." - Henry Adams
"Deep down, I'm a Texas girl looking for that big romance every girl dreams about. Biologically, I look forward to being a cornerstone of a family. I'll be in my glory when I have a child on my knee." - Renee Zellweger
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet." - Aristotle
"You know, I have found a new way to get high and stay spaced out for hours on end, and the government can't stop me... It's called senility." - Robert Anton Wilson
"I am a particular fan of integrative exercise - that is, exercise that occurs in the course of doing some productive activity such as gardening, bicycling to work, doing home improvement projects and so on." - Andrew Weil
"I love and always have loved policy issues and trying to have an impact on the issues that are out there. I cherish my years in government. I have loved my participation at CNN, at Current writing teaching. Where I will go next, I will have to sort out." - Eliot Spitzer
"Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination." - Marcel Proust
"Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it." - Scott Weiland
"My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that don't meet. And then your friends say: It's terrific!" - Harrison Birtwistle
"What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish." - W. H. Auden
"The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit." - William Temple
"Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life." - W. C. Fields
"Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family." - John Boehner
"When I was at college, I worked in a department store called Brit Home Stores, which is a pretty lackluster department store, selling clothes for middle-aged women. My job was to walk the floor and find anything that was damaged, take it to the store room and log it." - Dominic Monaghan
"People who don't like me talk about it as though I'm trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because it's 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos aren't limited to sailors. It's a form of art I find beautiful. I love it." - Megan Fox
"I've seen so many people in this business that made a fortune. They get old and broke and can't make any money. I tell you something... no one's going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean." - Jimmy Dean
"People with bad consciences always fear the judgment of children." - Mary McCarthy
"Sometimes, you start with the drawing and then the gag comes to you in the middle of it. That is when you start working on the solution of the gag, which is composition, placing, equilibrium, and character design." - Sergio Aragones
"No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto." - W. Clement Stone
"To be social is to be forgiving." - Robert Frost
"No man's credit is as good as his money." - John Dewey
"I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian." - Johnny Knoxville
"I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office." - John Boehner
"I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love." - Michael Landon
"I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. At some point, I need to recharge." - Blake Shelton
"Permanent superiority has never been realized by any nation in history. After the rise comes the fall." - Paul Harris
"If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"I think the Moslem faith teaches hate." - Jerry Falwell
"I know I'm 25 now, but there's still that little lad inside me who likes his dad there to see him." - Jamie Redknapp
"It never occurred to me that I'd be on a television show or in feature films but when those came into play my dreams changed along the way." - Camryn Manheim
"I had a go at changing history - maybe not all by myself - I fought at the battle of Normandy, I slogged through the Ardennes, and I celebrated the liberation of Paris on the streets with beautiful French girls throwing flowers at me. I said good-bye to my first true love and discovered what I really wanted to do with my life." - LeRoy Neiman
"In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars." - Richard M. Nixon
"Competition among insurers would bring down the cost of health care insurance, just as it brings down the cost of car or homeowners insurance." - Andrew P. Harris
"The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure." - B. C. Forbes
"On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone." - Janis Joplin
"Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to." - Oscar Wilde
"Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design." - Christopher Alexander
"If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want. Think about what you can do so that you are happy with yourself - for instance, eating right to feel great and energetic." - Heidi Klum
"The lovely thing about being forty is that you can appreciate twenty-five-year-old men more." - Colleen McCullough
"History passes the final judgment." - Sidney Poitier
"I come from a family of losers, and I've rejected my family as something I don't want to be like." - Sting
"And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department." - Andrew Carnegie
"Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless." - Lech Walesa
"There are two kinds of designers: ones who are very happy locked in their office surrounded by their coterie. The last thing they need to do is to go to a trunk show they'd go running for the hills. I not only enjoy it, I think, how do you design things that are applicable to life - unless you live it?" - Michael Kors
"Remaining vigilant toward this ever-present threat means constantly learning how better to protect ourselves. But primarily it reminds us that we must fight and win the war on terror, so that we do not have to fight it here in America." - Mark Kennedy
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet." - Aristotle
"Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot." - Clarence Thomas
"A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives." - Jackie Robinson
"It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations." - Danny Boyle
"Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"President Obama is doing the right thing by offering young immigrants, most often in this country through no action of their own, a chance to live and work openly, free from the fear of deportation." - Eliot Spitzer
"There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends." - Homer
"I think one of the great problems we have in the Republican Party is that we don't encourage you to be nasty. We encourage you to be neat, obedient, loyal and faithful and all those Boy Scout words, which would be great around a campfire but are lousy in politics." - Newt Gingrich
"Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art." - Mae West
"Conservatism is not about leaving people behind. Conservatism is about empowering people to catch up, to give them the tools at their disposable that make it possible for them to access all the hope, all the promise, all the opportunity that America offers. And our programs to help them should reflect that." - Marco Rubio
"My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere." - Katy Perry
"There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends." - Thomas Fuller
"Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill." - Barbara Tuchman
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced." - George Will
"I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'" - Andy Warhol
"He who is to be a good ruler must have first been ruled." - Aristotle
"Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it." - Robert South
"Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for." - Adlai E. Stevenson
"I spent a lot of time in the school psychologist's office. I didn't apply myself. My mother thought I had learning disabilities." - Roger Goodell
"All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul." - John Ruskin
"There is an irresistible demand to strengthen the leadership of the constructive forces of the world at the present momentous time. This is true because of stupendous, almost unbelievable changes which have taken place in recent years on every continent." - John Raleigh Mott
"I've led a school whose faculty and students examine and discuss and debate every aspect of our law and legal system. And what I've learned most is that no one has a monopoly on truth or wisdom. I've learned that we make progress by listening to each other, across every apparent political or ideological divide." - Elena Kagan
"The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason." - Hunter S. Thompson
"It's too late for me to get married before I'm famous. You never know people's intentions." - Carmelo Anthony
"I will come up with a project that will wipe out poverty in the Philippines in two years. I want to remove the people from economic crisis by using the Marcos wealth. Long after I'm gone, people will remember me for building them homes and roads and hospitals and giving them food." - Imelda Marcos
"We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food." - Francis Ford Coppola
"When he was born, I looked at my little boy and felt an unconditional love I never knew was inside me. As he grew, and I watched him stagger about, squeak his first words, and turn into a beautiful little boy, that feeling did not change." - Tony Parsons
"I feel pretty good when I get out of bed in the morning. I don't feel all beat up, which is nice." - Drew Bledsoe
"I don't think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment." - Tatyana Tolstaya
"I adore food and always have." - Jane Asher
"You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy." - Portia de Rossi
"All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers." - Orison Swett Marden
"Love and esteem are the first principles of friendship it is always imperfect if either of these two are wanting." - Eustace Budgell
"Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too." - Frederick Buechner
"In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us." - Beverly Sills
"Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all." - Mario Batali
"I like being independent. I don't think that marriage means you're not independent, but right now I'm very comfortable, and I'm probably the happiest I've ever been. I feel solid. I feel safe." - Sandra Lee
"Movies are movies, television is television." - Dirk Benedict
"True nobility is exempt from fear." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East." - Marvin Harris
"The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading." - David Bailey
"No candidate can win a presidential race advocating gay marriage and opposing the military action in Iraq." - Dick Morris
"People in their 70s can still have incredible lives. Health is the most important thing." - Calvin Klein
"When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art." - Paul Cezanne
"Jesus does not give recipes that show the way to God as other teachers of religion do. He is himself the way." - Karl Barth
"I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Again, it may be said, that to love justice and equality the people need no great effort of virtue it is sufficient that they love themselves." - Maximilien Robespierre
"We live under a government of men and morning newspapers." - Wendell Phillips
"Home is where my mom is." - Brittany Murphy
"Except for naval and air exercises, our military should be stationed on American soil, where service men and women can lead normal lives in close proximity to family and friends." - Camille Paglia
"Most men love money and security more, and creation and construction less, as they get older." - John Maynard Keynes
"People are never more insecure than when they become obsessed with their fears at the expense of their dreams." - Norman Cousins
"Government is dysfunctional." - Michael Bloomberg
"Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life." - Immanuel Kant
"Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed." - Josh Billings
"Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham, we get on very well." - Jamie Redknapp
"My greatest point is my persistence. I never give up in a match. However down I am, I fight until the last ball. My list of matches shows that I have turned a great many so-called irretrievable defeats into victories." - Bjorn Borg
"And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb." - James Beattie
"I think God's justice is making wrongs right." - Joel Osteen
"Of all lies, art is the least untrue." - Gustave Flaubert
"One of the great privileges of having grown up in a middle-class literary English household, but having gone to school in the front lines in Southeast London, was that I became half-street-urchin and half-good-boy at home. I knew that dichotomy was possible." - Daniel Day-Lewis
"I don't know what my label is. I just think of myself as a plain forward. I like to think I have some finesse to my game, but inside the paint is where men are made. If you can't play there, you should be home with your mama." - Karl Malone
"No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure." - Emma Goldman
"I think the government has to reposition environment on top of their national and international priorities." - Brian Mulroney
"The incentive that you give to your youth is going to be the make-or-break future of the country." - King Abdullah II
"There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms." - George Eliot
"The strange thing about Africa is how past, present and future come together in a kind of rough jazz, if you like." - Ben Okri
"My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh." - Dominic Monaghan
"For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home." - LeBron James
"I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore." - Courteney Cox
"I love doing roles and movies that are different from each other." - Josh Hutcherson
"Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?" - Bill Watterson
"First let me report that the art in the Barnes Collection has never looked better. My trips to the old Barnes were always amazing, but except on the sunniest days, you could barely see the art. The building always felt pushed beyond its capacity." - Jerry Saltz
"I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future." - Frederick Douglass
"We have not invaded anyone. We have not conquered anyone. We have not grabbed their land, their culture, their history and tried to enforce our way of life on them." - Abdul Kalam
"The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams." - Ed Markey
"I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective." - Emilio Estevez
"But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present." - Colin Farrell
"Short of baseball and my family, it was gaming. And gaming is a $20-million to $200-million multi-year effort. It's an insane, stupid and utterly irresponsible act. But I did it." - Curt Schilling
"Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?" - Jon Bon Jovi
"It always helps to be a good programmer. It is important to like computers and to be able to think of things people would want to do with their computers." - Bill Budge
"There's always something funny about men chasing women." - David Spade
"The founder of the Mona Foundation actually knew my dad for years, and the more I learned about it, the more I realized I really found the perfect charity. It sponsors schools and educational initiatives all over the planet." - Rainn Wilson
"Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world." - Tomlin, Lily
"All faith consists essentially in the recognition of a world of spiritual values behind, yet not apart from, the world of natural phenomena." - Dean Inge
"I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen." - Martin Luther
"Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler." - Barbara Bush
"Gandhi has asked that the British Government should walk out of India and leave the Indian people to settle differences among themselves, even if it means chaos and confusion." - Stafford Cripps
"Wisdom is learning what to overlook." - William James
"When I was working on Eye of the Beholder, I played a character who is so aloof that my whole lifestyle became very aloof. If someone knocked on my door, there was a part of me that went into a rage, because I wanted to be isolated and alone." - Ashley Judd
"God is another name for human intelligence raised above all error and imperfection, and extended to all possible truth." - William Ellery Channing
"I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week, if there is anything to be got by it." - Charles Dickens
"All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers." - Chief Joseph
"Websites are kind of useless. There's so much great web content and design out there, but the ways in which they are being experienced are not being maximized." - Dhani Harrison
"No nation can meet the world's challenges alone." - Hillary Clinton
"It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it." - George Washington
"Beauty is the first present nature gives to woman and the first it takes away. " - M?r?, George Brossin
"To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance." - Eric Hoffer
"In terms of having a business, I wanted to let it go beyond what my personal taste is. Basically, I'm in a kilt and a white shirt every day. So, you know, I don't have a lot of scope, and I'm really picky about what I wear." - Marc Jacobs
"If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?" - Judy Garland
"Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little." - Marguerite Gardiner
"The best writing is not about the writer, the best writing is absolutely not about the writer, it's about us, it's about the reader." - Ben Okri
"Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear." - Jonathan Sacks
"Comedians walk out, get a feel for the crowd. If it's not going good, we change directions. If we got to drag your momma into this thing, we will. Whatever we got to do." - Steve Harvey
"I never thought my marriage could be stronger, or I could be closer to Bill. We prayed on our own, but now we prayed together and you'll never know how much that means until you do it." - Giuliana Rancic
"I don't drink, and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom." - Ashley Tisdale
"For some students, school is the only place where they get a hot meal and a warm hug. Teachers are sometimes the only ones who tell our children they can go from an Indian reservation to the Ivy League, from the home of a struggling single mom to the White House." - Denise Juneau
"Sorrow happens, hardship happens, the hell with it, who never knew the price of happiness, will not be happy." - Yevgeny Yevtushenko
"Jobs are disappearing from every sector of the economy, from engineering to health care workers, forcing hundreds of thousands of families into unemployment and low-paying jobs." - Jerry Costello
"If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable." - E. O. Wilson
"Every time you get angry, you poison your own system." - Alfred A. Montapert
"Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope." - George Burns
"Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God." - Mary Manin Morrissey
"Now, let me be clear. The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle to grave assurance that government will always be the solution. If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today." - Mitt Romney
"If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough." - Ann Landers
"I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives." - Billy Connolly
"We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile." - Earl Nightingale
"Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him." - Groucho Marx
"If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens." - Pat Benatar
"I think guitar is the best thing in the world." - Shaun White
"Leadership appears to be the art of getting others to want to do something you are convinced should be done." - Vance Packard
"Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man." - Victor Hugo
"The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions." - Alfred Adler
"The earth we abuse and the living things we kill will, in the end, take their revenge for in exploiting their presence we are diminishing our future." - Marya Mannes
"I love where I'm from. I don't live there because of the circumstances, but all my family is there. It's what's inside, it's not what's outside that determines the culture and the feeling." - Maria Sharapova
"Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers." - Amy Waldman
"Contraceptives have a proven track record of enhancing the health of women and children, preventing unintended pregnancy, and reducing the need for abortion." - Louise Slaughter
"Everybody keeps saying that India's a poor country. Yes, we have poverty. But I blame the government of India, the political establishment, for their failure to educate and therefore their failure to control the poverty." - Vijay Mallya
"We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change." - Katharine Hepburn
"Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I'm glad you asked that question, because of any musical situation I've been in, the communication feels great here with Russell. He really pays close attention to what I'm doing because he cares." - Benny Green
"There are three ways a man can be ruined: women,gambling, and farming. My father chose the most boring." - Pope John XXIII
"Please be assured that as we move along through the implementation of health insurance reform, making sure that we find efficiencies within the existing system, is foremost on the President's mind." - Valerie Jarrett
"The result was that, if it happened to clear off after a cloudy evening, I frequently arose from my bed at any hour of the night or morning and walked two miles to the observatory to make some observation included in the programme." - Simon Newcomb
"I grew up in a very religious family. I could read the Qu'ran easily at the age of five." - Akhmad Kadyrov
"Too many vital education dollars that should be spent in the classroom are bouncing around in the federal bureaucracy." - Mark Kennedy
"From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere." - Dr. Seuss
"Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." - Donald Trump
"I write about wounds, the eternal treasons of life. It's not very funny, but it's sincere. My commitment is to sincerity." - Tahar Ben Jelloun
"Intelligence agencies keep things secret because they often violate the rule of law or of good behavior." - Julian Assange
"I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.'" - Jim Carrey
"I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age." - Cat Cora
"No man is a failure who is enjoying life." - William Feather
"Wasn't marriage, like life, unstimulating and unprofitable and somewhat empty when too well ordered and protected and guarded? Wasn't it finer, more splendid, more nourishing, when it was, like life itself, a mixture of the sordid and the magnificent; of mud and stars; of earth and flowers; of love and hate and laughter and tears and ugliness and beauty and hurt? " - Ferber, Edna
"The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency - the belief that the here and now is all there is." - Allan Bloom
"The experience of life consists of the experience which the spirit has of itself in matter and as matter, in mind and as mind, in emotion, as emotion, etc." - Franz Kafka
"Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it." - Alan Thicke
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." - Buddha
"My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasn't too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked." - Michael Caine
"Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous." - Bradley Cooper
"You can't test courage cautiously." - Annie Dillard
"Happiness held is the seed Happiness shared is the flower." - John Harrigan
"Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate." - Emily Dickinson
"Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man." - Pliny the Elder
"I suffer from the delusion that every product of my imagination is not only possible, but always on the cusp of becoming real." - Sean Parker
"The stores and the things like that, the business side of things came out at the point when, I'd say probably in the early '70s, it looked like the year of the singer-songwriter was over, 'cause music changed in our time and the spotlight was out." - Jimmy Buffett
"I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened." - Mark Twain
"What the government has to do, if it wants to govern for any length of time, is it must appeal primarily to the third parties in the House of Commons to get them to support it." - Stephen Harper
"I wasn't looking for another marriage. I had been married before. He is a nice man - a geologist, an Ernest Hemingway type. But Paul and I married because of convention." - Linda McCartney
"Success is relevant to coping with obstacles... But no problem is ever solved by those, who, when they fail, look for someone to blame instead of something to do." - Waggoner, Fred
"The ultimate purpose of religious life is to make this evolution move in a direction far more important to the destiny of the ego than the moral health of the social fabric which forms his present environment." - Muhammad Iqbal
"The most positive men are the most credulous." - Alexander Pope
"That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story." - Mitt Romney
"Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about." - Amy Poehler
"When I was on a major label I felt obliged to say yes to every interview, tour and whatever else. The label is always telling you, 'This ain't going to last,' so I worked myself half to death. I learnt from that and I like to pace myself now." - Adam Ant
"What did the taxpayers get out of the Obama stimulus? More debt. That money wasn't just spent and wasted - it was borrowed, spent, and wasted." - Paul Ryan
"You think that religion is a thing that is there to help you and to see you through life, and then you wake up one morning and find the entire Irish situation, the civil war that's based on religion." - Midge Ure
"I've talked to some drummers who seem to have a very hard time staying in shape on the road, including some drummers touring with high-profile acts that don't have to live on fast food every night." - Matt Cameron
"Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line." - Joseph Conrad
"I ran to my marriage, I was happily ready to take on marriage." - Mark Ruffalo
"Sometimes a character is really based on research that you do. Other times it's just based on your imagination or perhaps your conversation with the director. Or sometimes all of the above. It depends on the movie and character." - Joaquin Phoenix
"I am a night painter, so when I come into the studio the next morning the delirium is over." - Philip Guston
"In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.'" - Sherman Alexie
"Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus." - David Hockney
"I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel." - Courtney Love
"I love making Italian food. And coconut chicken." - Joe Jonas
"I actually find novels that are determined to be funny at every turn quite oppressive." - Ian Mcewan
"I don't practice, but I am still officially in paediatrics. I keep in touch with journals, and I have a very good data bank of medical information and there is a key thing for a writer knowing where to go. I know where to go to get the information that I need." - Jonathan Kellerman
"Practically every environmental problem we have can be traced to our addiction to fossil fuels, primarily oil." - Dennis Weaver
"Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'" - William J. Clinton
"I think there's a real joy in going to see movies when you discover them yourself." - Jeff Bridges
"There is a lot of hype and fear about this much-talked-about prospect of designer babies." - Leon Kass
"There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love." - Oscar Wilde
"My buildings don't speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness." - Thom Mayne
"Do your little bit of good where you are its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world." - Desmond Tutu
"I spent many a summer early morning with the radio very low, half sleeping and half listening." - Frankie Valli
"Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible." - Saint Augustine
"There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give." - Robert Mondavi
"I had someone call me this morning telling me they had somebody who would only work a certain number of hours a week because if they worked too many hours a week then they couldn't get their government assistance. And that person has multiple cell phones, and gets them new every month with new minutes." - Timothy Griffin
"Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope; this world of his is emphatically the place of hope." - Carlyle, Thomas
"Attitudes are more important than facts." - George MacDonald
"A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it." - Glenn Beck
"Things start out as hopes and end up as habits." - Lillian Hellman
"When I was a teenager, my dad used to call me 'Hollywood' because I wore sunglasses all the time, even at night. Cue song." - Michael Weatherly
"The real fight is about what should be in the marketplace and what should not. Should education be a marketable commodity? Should healthcare?" - Susan George
"I've learned through experience of playing different characters, some of whom were jerks, that when you play a character who is pretentious or obnoxious, in any way, it's important to knock them down a peg." - Jonah Hill
"Listen there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go." - e. e. cummings
"We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination." - Muammar al-Gaddafi
"Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net." - Franklin P. Adams
"The ability to perceive or think differently is more important than the knowledge gained." - David Bohm
"I think good art does come from a dark place." - Rick Springfield
"Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense." - Vernon Howard
"When I was on Broadway, I got really sick with walking pneumonia. I decided not to take my health for granted anymore and make it a priority. The great thing is, the pounds just started to fall off." - Jordin Sparks
"The most wonderful study of mankind is man. Relieving human suffering and diffusing universal knowledge is humanitarian." - Daniel D. Palmer
"I love coming home to Melbourne. The first thing I do is have a coffee. It's just so much better here than anywhere else. It's better than in Italy and I travel a lot. I crave it." - Curtis Stone
"Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together." - Eugene Ionesco
"The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil." - Thomas A. Edison
"Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything." - Sydney Smith
"Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals." - Donald Rumsfeld
"My mom loved rock 'n roll. My father hated it. We couldn't play it when he was around." - Patti Smith
"I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people." - Tyra Banks
"If anybody wanted to photograph my life, they'd get bored in a day. 'Heres Matt at home learning his lines. Here's Matt researching in aisle six of his local library'. A few hours of that and they'd go home." - Matt Damon
"Fear is just not a part of my life - so much so that if it's involved in somebody else's life and they're close to me, I won't be around them." - Jeremy Renner
"I have never met a woman who works who doesn't feel guilty. I mean we all deny it like crazy but deep down there is always that voice saying you should be at home." - Kristin Scott Thomas
"And getting stunt coordinator Dan Bradley and everybody from the whole 'Bourne Supremacy' crew, I think was real cool for our film because we do a bunch of really big jumps in this movie." - Sean William Scott
"Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward." - Thomas Merton
"I always wear the same thing at home. I can't be bothered with jewelry. My pants have elastic waists. I like to be comfortable. There are so many more important things to worry about." - Barbra Streisand
"At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable." - Christopher Reeve
"It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift." - King Abdullah II
"When you're nearing 35, going, 'Hey Dad, I can't make these payments,' just isn't cool." - Eleanor Mondale
"When you put your total faith in God, no matter what happens, to a person who's a true believer, if you die, you know you're going to heaven to be with God." - Jim Bakker
"When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state." - Vladimir Lenin
"When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact." - Warren Buffett
"You shouldn't be afraid of failure - when something fails, you think, 'What did I learn from that experience? I can do better next time.' Then kill that project and move on to the next. Don't get disappointed." - Niklas Zennstrom
"Humor can be an incredible lacerating and effective weapon. And that is the way I use it." - Carl Hiaasen
"What's so great about working with really funny women is that vanity comes second. Whatever makes it real and funny, they're going to go for, and it's just great." - Paul Feig
"After the desperate years of their own war, after six years of repression inside Spain and six years of horror in exile, these people remain intact in spirit. They are armed with a transcendent faith they have never won, and yet they have never accepted defeat." - Martha Gellhorn
"Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given." - Mother Teresa
"I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman." - Jimmy Swaggart
"Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about." - Iain Duncan Smith
"I am fascinated by history and particularly the Victorian era." - Annie Lennox
"There's no difference between fame and infamy now. There's a new school of professional famous people that don't do anything. They don't create anything." - Ricky Gervais
"It's impossible, I think, however much I'd become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I don't think I'd ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with." - Christopher Hitchens
"Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams." - Donovan Bailey
"The future is no more uncertain than the present." - Walt Whitman
"It will take some time before a politician will capture the imagination of the American people and have the vision and understanding to do what is necessary for a better future for the people of America and the world." - David Korten
"Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike." - Oscar Wilde
"I'm English. Our dentistry is not world famous." - Christian Bale
"My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl." - Sarah Zettel
"Mothers always find ways to fit in the work - but then when you're working, you feel that you should be spending time with your children and then when you're with your children, you're thinking about working." - Alice Hoffman
"I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself." - Michael Fassbender
"I love making movies and hope to write my own screenplay someday and do some producing and be behind-the-scenes as well." - Victoria Justice
"Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities." - Lewis Mumford
"My father was Catholic, my mother was Protestant, and because of that I got Christened in both churches, so I've got all these names... but my Dad always called me Mick." - Mickey Spillane
"We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support." - George Washington
"There is nothing new about these Republican attacks on our family planning decisions. In fact, from the moment they came into power, Republicans in the House of Representatives have been waging a war on women's health." - Patty Murray
"I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies." - Zoe Saldana
"Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers." - Emile M. Cioran
"A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament." - Oscar Wilde
"Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own." - Nelson Algren
"I don't want to be more famous than what I have right now. At least in that sense where people come up to me in the grocery store." - Kathleen Robertson
"Love is the answer, and you know that for sure Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow." - John Lennon
"Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"Success is overrated. Incompetence is what we should revere it marks us off from animals." - Pile, Stephen
"Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?" - Jason Reitman
"If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food." - Kanye West
"Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting." - Alan Dean Foster
"Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen." - George MacDonald
"Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards." - Franklin, Benjamin
"If a secret history of books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would become interesting, and dull tales excite the reader!" - William Makepeace Thackeray
"Ethics and equity and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar." - David Herbert Lawrence
"Every profession will have its rogues, of course, no matter what oaths are sworn, but many health care professionals have a real commitment to serving the best interests of their clients." - Peter Singer
"As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live." - Pope John Paul II
"I want any excuse to come home. My dad is not a spring chicken any more. If anyone says, 'Go buy a postage stamp in London,' I'll go and do it." - Emily Mortimer
"We know what works. Freedom Works. We know what's right. Freedom is right." - George H. W. Bush
"A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions." - James Russell Lowell
"I never had a policy about marriage. I got married very young in life and I always think in all relationships, I've always thought that it's counterproductive to have a theory on that." - Jack Nicholson
"I've dated all kinds of guys and didn't know who I'd end up with. But I kind of assumed it would be someone more like my dad than not." - Miranda Lambert
"Meth is too easy to make, and unfortunately right now all the ingredients need to make this highly addictive drug are legal and readily available to those who want to cook it up and sell it to our children." - Michael McCaul
"I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20." - Liam Neeson
"Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost." - Steve Jobs
"Understand that legal and illegal are political, and often arbitrary, categorizations use and abuse are medical, or clinical, distinctions." - Abbie Hoffman
"I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul." - Bob Dylan
"To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain don't care attitude about clothes. You don't care, you just do it and it looks great." - Vivienne Westwood
"Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence." - Abigail Adams
"It's a very difficult thing for people to accept, seeing women act out anger on the screen. We're more accustomed to seeing men expressing rage and women crying." - Rebecca De Mornay
"It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination." - Marlee Matlin
"Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine." - George Santayana
"A woman who is willing to be herself and pursue her own potential runs not so much the risk of loneliness, as the challenge of exposure to more interesting men - and people in general." - Lorraine Hansberry
"My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels." - Roger Federer
"Great woman belong to history and to self sacrifice." - Leigh Hunt
"As a young black boy, it made me proud to see black leaders that did something amazing and made the world change." - John Legend
"It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow." - Craig Bruce
"Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all." - Johnny Depp
"They say eyes clear with age." - Philip Larkin
"What I think is fair to say is that, coming out of the Republican camp, there have been efforts to suggest that perhaps I'm not who I say I am when it comes to my faith - something which I find deeply offensive, and that has been going on for a pretty long time." - Barack Obama
"Somehow liberals have been unable to acquire from life what conservatives seem to be endowed with at birth: namely, a healthy skepticism of the powers of government agencies to do good." - Daniel Patrick Moynihan
"I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable." - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"If there is dissatisfaction with the status quo, good. If there is ferment, so much the better. If there is restlessness, I am pleased. Then let there be ideas, and hard thought, and hard work. If man feels small, let man make himself bigger." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"I would like it to be known that I have decided not to marry Group Capt. Peter Townsend. Mindful of the church's teaching that Christian marriage is indissoluble, and conscious of my duty to the Commonwealth, I have resolved to put these considerations before any others." - Princess Margaret
"See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work." - Robbie Coltraine
"Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent." - George Bernard Shaw
"I lost my second marriage because of drinking, and I loved the woman very much. But I thought I needed booze to write. I'm glad I was disabused." - Barry Hannah
"I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business." - Kathy Ireland
"Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions." - Samuel Johnson
"Yes, you can lose somebody overnight, yes, your whole life can be turned upside down. Life is short. It can come and go like a feather in the wind." - Shania Twain
"The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything." - Vivienne Westwood
"I'm going to buy some green bananas because by the time I get home they'll be ripe." - Ryan Stiles
"Every good painter paints what he is." - Jackson Pollock
"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens." - Epictetus
"If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination." - Mark Burnett
"If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?" - Chuck Palahniuk
"Remember my first tenet in getting dressed is how you feel in the morning. So if you're not being true blue to that, it usually shows." - Pharrell Williams
"This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future." - Mark Kennedy
"By mere burial man arrives not at bliss and in the future life, throughout its whole infinite range, they will seek for happiness as vainly as they sought it here, who seek it in aught else than that which so closely surrounds them here - the Infinite." - Johann Gottlieb Fichte
"There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust." - Scott Weiland
"We used to talk about wanting to get some money, but that's when hip-hop was based on your dreams and your fantasy. The whole thing now is the dreams and fantasies were achieved, and you don't want to make it the focal point. You can't keep beating that dead horse." - Puff Daddy
"I also tell them that your education can take you way farther than a football, baseball, track, or basketball will - that's just the bottom line." - Bo Jackson
"The only failure is not to try." - George Clooney
"What happened with Hurricane Katrina was the American electorate was forced to look at what lay behind the veneer of chest-beating. We all saw the consequences of having terrible government leadership." - Susan Faludi
"They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters." - Louis Farrakhan
"At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage." - Bob Dylan
"There are more effective ways of tackling environmental problems including global warming, proliferation of plastics, urban sprawl, and the loss of biodiversity than by treaties, top-down regulations, and other approaches offered by big governments and their dependents." - Preston Manning
"Ignorant people see life as either existence or non-existence, but wise men see it beyond both existence and non-existence to something that transcends them both this is an observation of the Middle Way." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"It was a huge challenge to learn digital painting well enough so that computers don't pop into mind when one sees one." - Berkeley Breathed
"It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far moreglorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do. To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts." - Thoreau, Henry David
"I don't mind my age." - Heather Mills
"HBO is really famous for hiring good people and staying out of their way until they ask for help, or need it. And that reputation is earned." - Richard Russo
"A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician." - Emma Bonino
"I would also like to act, once in a while, but not get up every morning at 5:30 or six o'clock and pound into the studio and get home at 7:30 or eight o'clock at night, or act over and over and over every night on Broadway, either." - Jackie Cooper
"I don't imagine Heads of Government would ever be able to say I'm not an economist therefore I can't take decisions on matters of the economy I'm not a soldier I can't take decisions on matters of defence I'm not an educationist so I can't take decisions about education." - Thabo Mbeki
"It devastates me now that I have been reduced to a Hollywood statistic - another joke marriage." - Sophia Bush
"I would call it a comedy variety show. We have some people just doing straight standup. We usually try to have one musical act of sort. So its just people being funny in different ways, not just sketch, not just standup, not just characters, all of those things." - Todd Barry
"We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard." - Mahmoud Abbas
"The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain." - Lord Byron
"Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge." - Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
"Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake." - Walter Lord
"Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it." - Alan Thicke
"My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading." - Thomas Hardy
"I try to devote my afternoons to making music in my home studio, but it's a lot more fun hanging out with musicians and friends, and trying subtly to influence a band than making your own stuff." - David Byrne
"Someday I want to have children and give them all the love I never had." - Marilyn Monroe
"I'm not sure anybody's ready to see me in a drama. And loving movies so much, I've seen a lot of comics try to make that transition too fast, and it can be detrimental. And I don't think I've had as much success as I need in the comedy genre to open up those opportunities." - Seann William Scott
"You can get rich making fun of me. I know. I've made lots of money making fun of me." - Glenn Beck
"Everything in life is luck." - Donald Trump
"My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question." - David Ogden Stiers
"Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone." - Horace
"Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink." - e. e. cummings
"It is good that the young are beautiful; it is the only advantage they have." - Duchess of Windsor
"To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist." - Robert Schumann
"Have the courage to act instead of react." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
"Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun." - John Dryden
"I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved." - Dido Armstrong
"I come from a Christian faith. I am not going to give you insight into my particular beliefs." - Patricia Ireland
"Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you." - Wayne Dyer
"You have to understand that crew members make movies so they're seeing a lot of actors all the time in their career acting." - Philip Seymour Hoffman
"Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind." - Neil Armstrong
"And it took me, since I was 17 and left home, running from God, to now, as a 30-year-old man, when I honestly feel like I've come full circle and my heart's finally in the right place." - Scott Stapp
"Well, Toronto, I consider to be the birthplace of my films. I've made three films and this is the third one to premiere here in the same theater on the same day at the same time - they are my audience. They're the people that I think about while I'm writing, directing, and editing. I specifically make movies for them." - Jason Reitman
"Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future." - Audrey Hepburn
"Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian." - Levon Helm
"All I want to do is change the world." - W. Clement Stone
"A man of courage is also full of faith." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour." - Thom Mayne
"If you're feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because you're different." - Kristin Scott Thomas
"Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears." - Louis D. Brandeis
"I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness." - Bell Hooks
"For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home." - LeBron James
"He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy." - Chanakya
"I was brought up to believe that there is no such thing as failure as long as I'm trying my best. So I've had a 'blood, guts and glory' approach through my whole life." - Ali Larter
"Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts." - Ovid
"Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!" - Patrick Henry
"The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl." - Dave Barry
"At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage." - Bob Dylan
"If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch." - Thurgood Marshall
"When you think back to your first kiss, your hair is perfect and she was wearing a cool outfit. We remember it with restraint and we remember it with style. We remember it as idealistically as you can think." - Stephen Chbosky
"I hope all of you are going to fill out your census form when it comes in the mail next month. If you don't return the form the area you live in might get less government money and you wouldn't want that to happen, would you." - Andy Rooney
"So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing." - Gavin DeGraw
"Change is vital to any actor. If you keep playing lead after lead, you're really gonna dry up. Because all those vehicles wean you away from the truths of human behaviour." - Gary Oldman
"America doesn't have health insurance." - Joe Biden
"Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations." - Susan Faludi
"You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God." - Tammy Faye Bakker
"Once the product's task is known, design the interface first then implement to the interface design." - Jef Raskin
"My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is." - Bar Refaeli
"People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave." - Dick Gregory
"You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection." - Buddha
"The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men." - George Eliot
"A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man." - Catherine Deneuve
"There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings." - Hodding Carter
"In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Since the reduction of risk factors is the scientific basis for primary prevention, the World Health Organization promotes the development of an integrated strategy for prevention of several diseases, rather than focusing on individual ones." - Gro Harlem Brundtland
"Every experience feeds an actor, and I've learned that depression is all around us." - Bryan Cranston
"It is the food which you furnish to your mind that determines the whole character of your life." - Emmet Fox
"The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." - Dale Carnegie
"In masks outrageous and austere, The years go by in single file But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile." - Elinor Wylie
"Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all." - Annie Jump Cannon
"If, indeed, a firearm were more dangerous to its possessors than to potential aggressors, would it not make sense for the government to arm all criminals, and let them accidentally shoot themselves? Is this absurd? Yes, and yet the government, of course, is arming criminals." - David Mamet
"Education is a series of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen." - Einstein, Albert
"Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!" - Sylvia Kristel
"Money is always on its way somewhere. What you do with it while it is in your keeping and the direction you send it in say much about you. Your treatment of and respect for money, how you make it, and how you spend it, reflect your character." - Gary Ryan Blair
"And, you know, my dad would show me some things sometimes, but the best things that I got to do were to actually see really good players play up close. That gives you an idea of fingering and technique and what not." - Dweezil Zappa
"The worst food you'll ever eat will probably be prepared by a 'cook' who calls himself a 'chef.' Mark my words." - Alton Brown
"At last, in 1611, was made, under the auspices of King James, the famous King James version and this is the great literary monument of the English language." - Lafcadio Hearn
"Every man judges his own happiness and satisfaction with life in terms of his possession or lack of possession of those things that he considers worthwhile and valuable." - Meir Kahane
"Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn." - Benjamin Franklin
"Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career." - Sam Ewing
"Reason is God's crowning gift to man." - Sophocles
"The intense happiness of our union is derived in a high degree from the perfect freedom with which we each follow and declare our own impressions." - George Eliot
"I race historic muscle cars back in Australia, and that's my hobby. And I try to race home as soon as I've finished a movie but don't tell anyone." - Eric Bana
"The face of nature and civilization in this our country is to a certain point a very sufficient literary field. But it will yield its secrets only to a really grasping imagination. To write well and worthily of American things one need even more than elsewhere to be a master." - Henry James
"There are old heads in the world who cannot help me by their example or advice to live worthily and satisfactorily to myself but I believe that it is in my power to elevate myself this very hour above the common level of my life." - Henry David Thoreau
"The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up." - Alexandra Paul
"Our history is that we can very aggressively, if necessary, and openly and democratically discuss our differences. We have a democratic history in which we come together and vote on these things." - Stockwell Day
"Movies, as evidenced by a chorus of protesting and celebrating Americans, influence broader trends." - Anna Deavere Smith
"Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The future and eternity are two entirely different things." - Doug Coupland
"Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible." - Mary McLeod Bethune
"If you love god, burn a church." - Jello Biafra
"Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art." - Frederic Chopin
"You get to be famous or have some notoriety and there are so many people who want a piece of you." - Oscar De La Hoya
"Any film, or to me any creative endeavour, no matter who you're working with, is, in many cases, a wonderful experience." - Martin Scorsese
"Since 2001, the Patriot Act has provided the means to detect and disrupt terrorist threats against the U.S. Prior to enactment of the law, major legal barriers prevented intelligence, national defense, and law enforcement agencies from working together and sharing information." - Roger Wicker
"Health care and education, in my view, are next up for fundamental software-based transformation." - Marc Andreessen
"I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone." - Flip Wilson
"Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards." - Pope Benedict XVI
"Baseball is a rookie, his experience no bigger than the lump in his throat as he begins fulfillment of his dream." - Ernie Harwell
"The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness." - Robert M. Hutchins
"Our civilization has evolved through the continuous adjustment of society to the stimulus of new knowledge." - John Boyd Orr
"I love Italian food but that's too generic a term for what's available now: you have to narrow it down to Tuscan, Sicilian, and so on." - Lee Child
"I'd never really babysat. I feel like I'm Blair, or 'Gossip Girl.' A teenager, basically - and now suddenly I'm a mom?" - Cecily von Ziegesar
"My mom's collard greens. No one else in the world can make them like hers. I'm not just saying that because she's my mom. She's got some Mississippi secret. I could seriously eat them every day." - Santigold
"A store's best advertisement is the service its goods render, for upon such service rest the future, the good-will, of an organization." - James Cash Penney
"Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas." - Dale Evans
"I am not a pig farmer. The pigs had a great time, but I didn't make any money." - Willie Nelson
"Republicans rarely criticize Obama for lack of empathy - in part because liberals have traditionally been seen as standing up for the weak and the vulnerable. Conservatives can be just as empathetic. But they believe that, in most cases, it's not government's role to be the primary dispenser of empathy." - Gary Bauer
"I just hope I can spread some of the happiness that's been coming my way." - Kenny Rogers
"Prevention is one of the few known ways to reduce demand for health and aged care services." - Julie Bishop
"I have my new food line in the works - I think it's over 200 items. Hopefully I can make a difference it's delicious food that's just so easy. I think it'll help people enjoy their lives... it's good!" - Paula Deen
"I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused." - Baruch Spinoza
"All great peoples are conservative." - Thomas Carlyle
"It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail." - Jimmy Carter
"We'd be working in our motel room through the night, and I'd come up with an idea at two in the morning, and he'd start jumping up and down, pacing across the room, or whatever." - Arthur Hiller
"Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products." - Beth Ditto
"There are times when the only access I have to the truest person that I am is when I'm alone and trying to solve a sentence. It's exciting, even when it's frustrating, even when I can't do it right." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.'" - Ryan Seacrest
"Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide." - Bill Owens
"The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature." - Joseph Campbell
"I'm working harder than ever now, and I'm putting on my pants the same as I always have. I just get up every day and try to do a little better than the day before, and that is to run a great restaurant with great food, great wine, and great service. That's my philosophy." - Emeril Lagasse
"And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'" - Rudyard Kipling
"I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue." - Donna Dixon
"I grew up on Bette Davis movies, and Marlene Dietrich, Marilyn Monroe." - Charlize Theron
"Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself." - Confucius
"The moment that changed me for ever was the moment my first child was born. I was happy, filled with hope, and thought, 'Now I understand the whole point of work, of life, of love.'" - Paul Theroux
"It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality." - Steven Biko
"We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them." - Christian Nestell Bovee
"You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself." - Swami Vivekananda
"It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!" - Josh Hopkins
"The reason this country continues its drift toward socialism and big nanny government is because too many people vote in the expectation of getting something for nothing, not because they have a concern for what is good for the country." - Lyn Nofziger
"The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better." - Tony Dungy
"I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business." - Katherine Jenkins
"Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesn't mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, you've forgotten high school." - Madeleine Albright
"Instead of seeing these children for the blessings that they are, we are measuring them only by the standard of whether they will be future deficits or assets for our nation's competitive needs." - Jonathan Kozol
"The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience." - Sally Ride
"The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up." - Charles Morgan
"Aging is bad, but consider the alternative." - Anon.
"It is a measure of the framers' fear that a passing majority might find it expedient to compromise 4th Amendment values that these values were embodied in the Constitution itself." - Sandra Day O'Connor
"If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!" - Marilyn Monroe
"What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor." - Bernard Williams
"There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it?" - Barbara Ehrenreich
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; <" - Shakespeare, William
"I like cool jackets - a nice fall or winter coat. You can get a lot of use out of it, and you'll wear it frequently, so it can really set the tone of your uniform for the season." - John Legend
"My mom is like this hard-core, liberal feminist. She's a professor in Boston, and she's been teaching women's studies for 30 years and international politics." - Eliza Dushku
"Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds." - Benjamin Disraeli
"You can forgive people who do not follow you through a philosophical disquisition but to find your wife laughing when you had tears in your eyes, or staring when you were in a fit of laughter, would go some way towards a dissolution of the marriage." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible." - Woodrow Wilson
"Happiness is a thing to be practiced, like the violin." - John Lubbock
"The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none." - Andrew Jackson
"Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good." - Buddha
"I'm very silly as a person, but quality silliness on-screen has more of an art to it. Harrison Ford, whom I was in 'Morning Glory' with, has mastered that dry funny better than anyone." - Rachel McAdams
"My days, if they start in the morning with a cuddle from my son, are just so much more glorious than they were prior to that." - Russell Crowe
"Do all things with love." - Og Mandino
"Mere longevity is a good thing for those who watch Life from the side lines. For those who play the game, an hour may be a year, a single day's work an achievement for eternity." - Helen Hayes
"I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values." - Al Sharpton
"No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to." - Frank Zappa
"I'm a person who likes these sort of movies... sad but moving 'art movies' that normally are at a festival and then they go to a small art house theater and disappear." - Zach Braff
"It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion it is a joy of every moment." - Honore de Balzac
"Mum loves me being famous! She is so excited and proud, as she had me so young and couldn't support me, so I am living her dream, it's sweeter for both of us. It's her 40th birthday soon and I'm going to buy her 40 presents." - Adele
"I'm tired of hearing it said that democracy doesn't work. Of course it doesn't work. We are supposed to work it." - Alexander Woollcott
"To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent." - Buddha
"Business? it?s quite simple: it?s other people?s money." - Dumas, Alexander
"A lot of children, like I did, move away from words because of the fear - which is something you have to take out of education: the fear of worrying about what marks you'll get, detention, worrying about letting people down, your parents, teachers." - Michael Morpurgo
"To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others." - Pope John Paul II
"I actually think of being funny as an odd turn of mind, like a mild disability, some weird way of looking at the world that you can't get rid of." - Calvin Trillin
"On behalf of NARAL Pro-Choice America - and our one million member activists - I am honored to be here to talk to you about what's at stake for women in 2012. I am proud to say that the Democratic Party believes that women have the right to choose a safe, legal abortion with dignity and privacy." - Nancy Keenan
"Well, we didn't have our original drummer on our last record. And most of that album was not played as a band in the studio. It was mostly the world of computers and overdubs. There was very few things played live or worked out as a band." - James Iha
"Sometimes acting is really cool because it forces you to exercise certain muscles in your personality that you wouldn't normally be called upon in life." - Jenna Fischer
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." - Oprah Winfrey
"It is my fervent hope and prayer that by exposing my mistakes and by pointing out the things that were a part of my early life, some who might be following the same paths might not make those same mistakes." - John Clayton
"On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars." - Bruce Willis
"As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise." - Bill Toomey
"Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution." - Edwin Louis Cole
"I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas." - Ron Paul
"Among the weeds choking out growth and good government are the hundreds of boards, commissions, and advisory committees that have sprouted over the years. They devour time, money, and energy far beyond any real contribution they make." - Mitch Daniels
"So long as you don't feel life's paltry and a miserable business, the rest doesn't matter, happiness or unhappiness." - David Herbert Lawrence
"The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it." - Margaret Fuller
"It also allows you to look as though you're not particularly from the present, future or past, either." - Doug Coupland
"Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay." - Robert Browning
"Our country will, I believe, sooner forgive an officer for attacking an enemy than for letting it alone." - Horatio Nelson
"Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls." - Rashida Jones
"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined." - Patrick Henry
"Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit." - Rachel Bilson
"Faith is love taking the form of aspiration." - William Ellery Channing
"America somehow thinks that leadership relates to governance, and it certainly does. But society is much bigger than governance, and some of the truly great leadership of our society is outside the governance arena." - Jim Leach
"He has such a patronizing tone and manner, and such a sarcastic sense of humor. I found him rather brutal, a kind of elegant brutality which appealed. No, I think he came pretty much off the page." - Jeremy Northam
"Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth." - Henry David Thoreau
"The Roman Catholic Church isn't going to change its theologies." - Robert H. Schuller
"I noted that people are happy here in India. When I went back home, people had everything in the materialistic sense and were surrounded with abundance, but they were not happy." - Goldie Hawn
"As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage." - Frances Conroy
"Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid." - Walter Winchell
"In order to lead a country or a company, you've got to get everybody on the same page and you've got to be able to have a vision of where you're going. America can't have a vision of health care for everybody, green economy, regulations - can't have a bunch of piece-meal activities. It's got to have a vision." - Jack Welch
"You know what's funny to me? Attitude." - Don Rickles
"People who don't like me talk about it as though I'm trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because it's 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos aren't limited to sailors. It's a form of art I find beautiful. I love it." - Megan Fox
"You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me." - Kim Kardashian
"You can't have it both ways. You can't tell me that you're taxed enough already, and that you want constitutional government and then in the next breath say, 'Bring me home some bacon.' The pig has been picked clean." - Rand Paul
"I am for gay marriage. Or same-sex marriage. I don't want to say it the wrong way. I think people are sensitive to it. I have been painted as being this right-wing zealot on choice. Nothing could be further from the truth." - Harold Ford
"In Spain, we should have enough intelligence, enough sense of individual and collective responsibility to do for ourselves that which would be imposed upon us by a dictatorship." - Frederica Montseny
"We drink one another's health and spoil our own." - Jerome K. Jerome
"You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut." - Carly Fiorina
"I like to play guitar, jam out, play the blues, go watch movies. I love movies." - Dane Cook
"What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends." - Ambrose Bierce
"It is always the simple that produces the marvelous." - Amelia Barr
"A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body." - Benjamin Franklin
"Only passions, great passions can elevate the soul to great things." - Denis Diderot
"On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does." - Will Rogers
"When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life." - Whitney Houston
"Ludacris' is something that I made up. It just kind of describes me. Sometimes I have like a split personality. Sometimes I'm cool, calm, and collected, and other times I'm beyond crazy.;Ludacris;cool
11046;Everyone hooks up with George Clooney. He's a genuinely cool guy. He's using his powers for good.;William H. Macy;cool
11047;I never saw music in terms of men and women or black and white. There was just cool and uncool.;Bonnie Raitt;cool
11048;New York had a big influence on me growing up, and I was really part of the club scene - the Mudd Club and Studio 54. When you're living in New York, you are just bombarded with style, trying to figure out how to be cool and how to feel relaxed at the same time.;Dylan McDermott;cool
11049;My dad was kind of a pool shark and had a Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin thing going on. I've always been fascinated by the fifties because of him. There was a hip, cool, anything-goes atmosphere back then, but looking good was still a priority.;Dylan McDermott;cool
11050;Style is innate to who I am. My father gave me a picture the other day. I must have been about seven, and I had on wing-tip shoes and some cool pants. I thought, 'Wow!" - Dylan McDermott
"All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved." - Sun Tzu
"I just get so fed up with seeing the same things written about me. If I see the words 'ice queen' attached to me, I feel like banging my head against the wall. There's this perception that I can only be in a film if I have a glass of champagne in my hand and a stately home in the background." - Kristin Scott Thomas
"I'm doing four hours of gymnastics training a day, six days a week and then an extra two to three hours in a fitness center as well." - Shawn Johnson
"Here is everything which can lay hold of the eye, ear and imagination - everything which can charm and bewitch the simple and ignorant. I wonder how Luther ever broke the spell." - John Adams
"Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work." - Abdul Kalam
"God has entrusted me with myself." - Epictetus
"The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act." - Barbara Sher
"I think what is British about me is my feelings and awareness of others and their situations. English people are always known to be well mannered and cold but we are not cold - we don't interfere in your situation. If we are heartbroken, we don't scream in your face with tears - we go home and cry on our own." - Michael Caine
"Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to." - Oscar Wilde
"Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"I think that my leadership style is to get people to fear staying in place, to fear not changing." - Lou Gerstner
"The crucial question one comes back to is the examination without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres." - Peter Hammill
"But my father was also the one who told me I needed to clean up my mouth or I'd never find a man. What's very important to him is manners. Show up on time. Always send thank-you letters. He is one of the more thoughtful humans I've ever met. He's a great man and a very good dad." - Zosia Mamet
"The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom." - Samuel Smiles
"Motherhood has completely changed me. It's just about like the most completely humbling experience that I've ever had. I think that it puts you in your place because it really forces you to address the issues that you claim to believe in and if you can't stand up to those principles when you're raising a child, forget it." - Diane Keaton
"One great use of words is to hide our thoughts." - Voltaire
"It is very easy to make clear what you want a film to say, but I did not wish to engage in overt propaganda, even for the right cause. I wanted to create an experience through the films, something where people could have the freedom of their own response to them." - Godfrey Reggio
"While approximately one in every 400 children and adolescents have Type I diabetes recent Government reports indicate that one in every three children born in 2000 will suffer from obesity, which as noted is a predominant Type II precursor." - Tim Holden
"But more importantly, I think he remembered how very close I was with my own dad, who had died in 1997." - Richard Marx
"By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual." - Janet Jackson
"Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver." - Barbara de Angelis
"I can live without money, but I cannot live without love." - Judy Garland
"I'm looking forward to talking to Bill Parcells, too, and to seeing how that marriage with Jerry Jones goes." - Lisa Guerrero
"Marriage is hard work, period." - Kyle Chandler
"Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul." - Thomas Merton
"Marriage is a mistake every man should make." - George Jessel
"Everyone has his faults which he continually repeats: neither fear nor shame can cure them." - Jean de La Fontaine
"My mom, Emilie, always taught me to think hard about marriage." - Alyson Hannigan
"My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading." - Thomas Hardy
"The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself." - Anais Nin
"God is only a great imaginative experience." - David Herbert Lawrence
"The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell." - Bertrand Russell
"Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I don't understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didn't understand what they were talking about." - Jim Jarmusch
"Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads." - James Northcote
"God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another." - Mike Tyson
"Logic is one thing, the human animal another. You can quite easily propose a logical solution to something and at the same time hope in your heart of hearts it won't work out." - Luigi Pirandello
"I think superheroes are heroes with flaws, and in their flaws, there is a sense of humor." - Peter Segal
"In Australia, there is a very famous show called 'Home and Away.' I was cast on that at 15. The day I started filming, my life changed." - Tammin Sursok
"I wouldn't say I'm a method actor. I do research when I feel I don't have enough experience for the part I'm playing." - Tim Robbins
"Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties." - Erich Fromm
"Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?" - Cesar Chavez
"What We want is to make it possible for our unfortunate people to live a life of industry for it is by steady work alone that we hope for our physical and moral rehabilitation. For this reason above all we have undertaken to rally our people around our ideal." - Theodor Herzl
"Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public." - H. L. Mencken
"An Edwardian lady in full dress was a wonder to behold, and her preparations for viewing were awesome." - William Manchester
"I think women like Ferraris. A Ferrari is everybody's car." - Tim Allen
"I used to hurt so badly that I'd ask God why, what have I done to deserve any of this? I feel now He was preparing me for this, for the future. That's the way I see it." - Eden Phillpotts
"Communism has decided against God, against Christ, against the Bible, and against all religion." - Billy Graham
"At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it." - Gordon Parks
"My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be." - Ellen Pompeo
"Never spend your money before you have earned it." - Thomas Jefferson
"Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them." - Charles Baudelaire
"And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt." - Sylvia Plath
"Emergency health care for illegal aliens along the southwestern border is already costing area hospitals $200 million a year, with perhaps another $100 million in extended care costs." - Gary Miller
"I have no qualms about saying I am more confident in the medical treatment in America. The breast cancer survival rate is 20 per cent higher than in the UK." - Koo Stark
"I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"Washington has got to, across the board, lower taxes for small businesses so that our mom and pops can reinvest and hire people, so that our businesses can thrive." - Sarah Palin
"We have to restore power to the family, to the neighborhood, and the community with a non-market principle, a principle of equality, of charity, of let's-take-care-of-one-another. That's the creative challenge." - Jerry Brown
"Pure experience' is the name I gave to the immediate flux of life which furnishes the material to our later reflection with its conceptual categories.;William James;experience
17470;I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world.;Laurel Clark;experience
17471;Experience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy.;Karl Marx;experience
17472;From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.;Aldous Huxley;experience
17473;I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.;P. J. O'Rourke;experience
17474;Going out and playing football or baseball with the boys, when I was a tomboy, was a great way to learn about winning and losing, and most girls didn't have that experience.;Hillary Clinton;experience
17475;When people speak to you about a preventive war, you tell them to go and fight it. After my experience, I have come to hate war.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;experience
17476;We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.;Carl Jung;experience
17477;The essence of life is finding something you really love and then making the daily experience worthwhile.;Denis Waitley;experience
17478;Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness.;Stephen Fry;experience
17479;In a person who is open to experience each stimulus is freely relayed through the nervous system, without being distorted by any process of defensiveness.;Carl Rogers;experience
17480;Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.;Milton Berle;experience
17481;Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.;Denis Waitley;experience
17482;I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience.;R. Buckminster Fuller;experience
17483;I know from personal experience how damaging it can be to live with bitterness and unforgiveness. I like to say it's like taking poison and hoping your enemy will die. And it really is that harmful to us to live this way.;Joyce Meyer;experience
17484;I experience a period of frightening clarity in those moments when nature is so beautiful. I am no longer sure of myself, and the paintings appear as in a dream.;Vincent Van Gogh;experience
17485;My own experience is use the tools that are out there. Use the digital world. But never lose sight of the need to reach out and talk to other people who don't share your view. Listen to them and see if you can find a way to compromise.;Colin Powell;experience
17486;My mind withdrew its thoughts from experience, extracting itself from the contradictory throng of sensuous images, that it might find out what that light was wherein it was bathed... And thus, with the flash of one hurried glance, it attained to the vision of That Which Is.;Saint Augustine;experience
17487;Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.;Ben Stein;experience
17488;Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.;Leonardo da Vinci;experience
17489;Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.;Carl Jung;experience
17490;Every secret of a writer's soul, every experience of his life, every quality of his mind is written large in his works.;Virginia Woolf;experience
17491;The act of birth is the first experience of anxiety, and thus the source and prototype of the affect of anxiety.;Sigmund Freud;experience
17492;In the revolt against idealism, the ambiguities of the word experience have been perceived, with the result that realists have more and more avoided the word.;Bertrand Russell;experience
17493;The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing.;Rainer Maria Rilke;experience
17494;Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.;Ambrose Bierce;experience
17495;Life has a certain flavor for those who have fought and risked all that the sheltered and protected can never experience.;John Stuart Mill;experience
17496;The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.;Chinua Achebe;experience
17497;I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a 'learning experience.' Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a 'learning experience.' It makes me feel less stupid.;P. J. O'Rourke;experience
17498;Just as the wave cannot exist for itself, but is ever a part of the heaving surface of the ocean, so must I never live my life for itself, but always in the experience which is going on around me.;Albert Schweitzer;experience
17499;Enthusiasm - a distemper of youth, curable by small doses of repentance in connection with outward applications of experience.;Ambrose Bierce;experience
17500;The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.;Benjamin Disraeli;experience
17501;Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.;Vernon Law;experience
17502;Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.;Blaise Pascal;experience
17503;Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice.;Harry S. Truman;experience
17504;In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.;Ansel Adams;experience
17505;Experience which was once claimed by the aged is now claimed exclusively by the young.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;experience
17506;Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise. View life as a continuous learning experience.;Denis Waitley;experience
17507;We come altogether fresh and raw into the several stages of life, and often find ourselves without experience, despite our years.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;experience
17508;If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.;Mao Zedong;experience
17509;I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;experience
17510;I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.;Martha Washington;experience
17511;I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.;Danica Patrick;experience
17512;The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.;M. Scott Peck;experience
17513;I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.;Louis C. K.;experience
17514;It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.;Woody Allen;experience
17515;And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.;Donald Norman;experience
17516;When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
17517;What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children.;William Blake;experience
17518;In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.;J. Paul Getty;experience
17519;A few years' experience will convince us that those things which at the time they happened we regarded as our greatest misfortunes have proved our greatest blessings.;George Mason;experience
17520;In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
17521;But human experience is usually paradoxical, that means incongruous with the phrases of current talk or even current philosophy.;George Eliot;experience
17522;Is it not rather what we expect in men, that they should have numerous strands of experience lying side by side and never compare them with each other?;George Eliot;experience
17523;In spite of his practical ability, some of his experience had petrified into maxims and quotations.;George Eliot;experience
17524;I must take issue with the term 'a mere child,' for it has been my invariable experience that the company of a mere child is infinitely preferable to that of a mere adult.;Fran Lebowitz;experience
17525;Most people go through life dreading they'll have a traumatic experience. Freaks were born with their trauma. They've already passed their test in life. They're aristocrats.;Diane Arbus;experience
17526;Natural abilities are like natural plants, that need pruning by study and studies themselves do give forth directions too much at large, except they be bounded in by experience.;Francis Bacon;experience
17527;No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.;John Locke;experience
17528;To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience.;Saint Teresa of Avila;experience
17529;A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption it is not a symbol, but a fraud.;George Santayana;experience
17530;The reward of suffering is experience.;Harry S. Truman;experience
17531;I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;experience
17532;I haven't been as wild with my money as somebody like me might have been. I've been very safe, very conservative with investments. I don't blow money. I don't have a ton of houses. I know things can go away. I've already had that experience.;Jim Carrey;experience
17533;Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.;Greg Anderson;experience
17534;The physical world, including our bodies, is a response of the observer. We create our bodies as we create the experience of our world.;Deepak Chopra;experience
17535;Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
17536;I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.;Lou Holtz;experience
17537;Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.;Jean-Paul Sartre;experience
17538;It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.;Ram Dass;experience
17539;The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience.;Milton Friedman;experience
17540;Studies perfect nature and are perfected still by experience.;Francis Bacon;experience
17541;All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.;Samuel Johnson;experience
17542;The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.;George Santayana;experience
17543;It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience.;Immanuel Kant;experience
17544;I firmly believe that all human beings have access to extraordinary energies and powers. Judging from accounts of mystical experience, heightened creativity, or exceptional performance by athletes and artists, we harbor a greater life than we know.;Jean Houston;experience
17545;But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience.;Richard Dawkins;experience
17546;The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.;Moses Hadas;experience
17547;The questions which one asks oneself begin, at least, to illuminate the world, and become one's key to the experience of others.;James A. Baldwin;experience
17548;Suffering is but another name for the teaching of experience, which is the parent of instruction and the schoolmaster of life.;Horace;experience
17549;Any experience can be transformed into something of value.;Vash Young;experience
17550;As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.;Al Gore;experience
17551;To have God speak to the heart is a majestic experience, an experience that people may miss if they monopolize the conversation and never pause to hear God's responses.;Charles Stanley;experience
17552;I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them.;Richard M. Nixon;experience
17553;A leader who confines his role to his people's experience dooms himself to stagnation a leader who outstrips his people's experience runs the risk of not being understood.;Henry A. Kissinger;experience
17554;Reason, observation, and experience the holy trinity of science.;Robert Green Ingersoll;experience
17555;Everybody experiences far more than he understands. Yet it is experience, rather than understanding, that influences behavior.;Marshall McLuhan;experience
17556;The statesman's duty is to bridge the gap between his nation's experience and his vision.;Henry A. Kissinger;experience
17557;Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning.;Fred Perry;experience
17558;I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.;Brigitte Bardot;experience
17559;Recommend virtue to your children it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.;Ludwig van Beethoven;experience
17560;The only faith that wears well and holds its color in all weathers is that which is woven of conviction and set with the sharp mordant of experience.;James Russell Lowell;experience
17561;I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.;Elisabeth Shue;experience
17562;When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God.;Charles Stanley;experience
17563;The belief that all genuine education comes about through experience does not mean that all experiences are genuinely or equally educative.;John Dewey;experience
17564;The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.;Franklin P. Adams;experience
17565;Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience.;Brian Tracy;experience
17566;I am so used to seeing the sort of play which deals with one man and two women. They do not leave me with the feeling I have made a full theatrical meal they do not give me the experience of the multiplicity of life.;E. M. Forster;experience
17567;The historian must have some conception of how men who are not historians behave. Otherwise he will move in a world of the dead. He can only gain that conception through personal experience, and he can only use his personal experiences when he is a genius.;E. M. Forster;experience
17568;Happiness isn't something you experience it's something you remember.;Oscar Levant;experience
17569;No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.;Alfred Adler;experience
17570;You cannot, in human experience, rush into the light. You have to go through the twilight into the broadening day before the noon comes and the full sun is upon the landscape.;Woodrow Wilson;experience
17571;I don't claim to be knowledgeable about theology. Most of my knowledge comes out of my experience and the lessons in the Bible. Every Sunday I'm home I teach 45 minutes and we boiled them down to one page for the new book, 'Through the Year with Jimmy Carter." - Jimmy Carter
"I've always thought that people need to feel good about themselves and I see my role as offering support to them, to provide some light along the way." - Leo Buscaglia
"It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality." - Rosanna Arquette
"I didn't need clothes. I was allowed the opportunity to act out moments you don't get the opportunity to experience in your own life, let alone as a character in a film. I didn't feel naked." - Marguerite Moreau
"Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature." - Aeschylus
"Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are." - Andrea Dworkin
"In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it." - Ernst Fischer
"There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'" - C. S. Lewis
"And though my Lord hath lost his estate and been banished out of his country, yet neither despised poverty nor pinching necessity could make him break the bonds of friendship or weaken his loyal duty." - Margaret Cavendish
"It simply cannot be disputed that for decades the Palestinian leadership was more interested in there not being a Jewish state than in there being a Palestinian state." - Alan Dershowitz
"After 14 years, it better be a real marriage, you know? We do have a great time together. We are really lucky." - Kyra Sedgwick
"I thought I was benefiting the Indians as well as the government, by taking them all over the United States, and giving them a correct idea of the customs, life, etc., of the pale faces, so that when they returned to their people they could make known all they had seen." - Buffalo Bill
"We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again." - Barack Obama
"I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians." - Elton John
"I married him because he told me it was the only way he could protect me. If we were just manager and client, my family could do whatever they wanted to get me back, but if I was his wife, they couldn't." - LaToya Jackson
"Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them." - Henry Norris Russell
"We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be." - Lauren Hutton
"I don't have a fear of flying I have a fear of crashing." - Billy Bob Thornton
"There probably aren't a lot of actors my age who tap dance." - Christopher Walken
"When I came home for the summer after my first year of college, I told my mother that my best friend and I were driving to California. She laughed out loud - 2,000 miles in a what? Well, my best friend had an old Chevy. What could go wrong?" - Jane Smiley
"I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries." - Barack Obama
"My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them." - Marco Rubio
"Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight." - Hannah Arendt
"My band is so dedicated, everybody works very hard. The No. 1 priority is the show, and it's pretty cool because we all pull together, and it's fun. It's like being on a sports team or something." - Bob Seger
"Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom." - John Stossel
"The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams." - Ed Markey
"Taste is developed by the diversity of the products one can sample. I think our children today may be missing an education about food. We must teach them to know their cuisine and to know the equilibrium of nourishment. That is very important for health." - Joel Robuchon
"I just don't get death at all. Yes, it's there. But I don't get it." - Manolo Blahnik
"If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false." - Dean Kamen
"Like many women my age, I am 28 years old." - Mary Schmich
"Electronic aids, particularly domestic computers, will help the inner migration, the opting out of reality. Reality is no longer going to be the stuff out there, but the stuff inside your head. It's going to be commercial and nasty at the same time." - J. G. Ballard
"Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints." - Bobby McFerrin
"We must expect to fail... but fail in a learning posture, determined no to repeat the mistakes, and to maximize the benefits from what is learned in the process." - Ted W. Engstrom
"Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there." - Phillips Brooks
"Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art." - Andy Warhol
"I loved fantasy, but I particularly loved the stories in which somebody got out of where they were and into somewhere better - as in the 'Chronicles Of Narnia,' 'The Wizard Of Oz,' 'The Phantom Tollbooth,' the 'Dungeons &amp Dragons' cartoon on Saturday morning in the '80s." - Lev Grossman
"I still have all the faith and love for my music and yet I'm still playing places for kids." - Juliana Hatfield
"What light is to the eyes - what air is to the lungs - what love is to the heart, liberty is to the soul of man." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"Golf course design is exciting." - Tom Kite
"A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance. " - France, Anatole
"The future is made of the same stuff as the present." - Simone Weil
"Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still." - Dorothea Lange
"I wish I had been more prepared, both for success and for failure, when I was younger." - Molly Ringwald
"I had a sense of who I was before I got famous." - Joe Rogan
"There is small risk a general will be regarded with contempt by those he leads, if, whatever he may have to preach, he shows himself best able to perform." - Xenophon
"What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers." - Scott Walker
"The rain, which had continued yesterday and last night, ceased this morning. We then proceeded, and after passing two small islands about ten miles further, stopped for the night at Piper's landing, opposite another island." - Meriwether Lewis
"My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me." - Winston Churchill
"You have to be able to accept failure to get better." - LeBron James
"But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience." - Richard Dawkins
"You know I never used to be a bad flyer, but I did start to have a fear of flying after I shot a movie where I was terrorized on a plane. I made Wes Craven's 'Red Eye'. I don't think they're linked but it does make me pause and wonder if they are, so perhaps I will explore that in therapy some day." - Rachel McAdams
"The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me." - Katie Price
"Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid." - Soren Kierkegaard
"I've never really had a problem with the imagination level of an audience. They're always smarter and savvier than any studio exec will give them credit for." - James Van Der Beek
"As far as hypnosis is concerned, I had a very serious problem when I was in my twenties. I encountered a man who later became the president of the American Society of Medical Hypnosis. He couldn't hypnotize me." - Theodore Sturgeon
"The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art." - Thomas Aquinas
"But my main thing that I would love to see as a fan of 'Glee,' like I said, is to really get into the character and who they are and what they do outside of school. I think that that's interesting. And then of course the themed stuff and the album episodes are all really cool too." - Lea Michele
"Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time." - Alvin Toffler
"Not the torturer will scare me, nor the body's final fall, nor the barrels of death's rifles, nor the shadows on the wall, nor the night when to the ground the last dim star of pain, is hurled but the blind indifference of a merciless, unfeeling world." - Roger Waters
"I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important." - Shay Mitchell
"My dream role would probably be a psycho killer, because the whole thing I love about movies is that you get to do things you could never do in real life, and that would be my way of vicariously experiencing being a psycho killer. Also, it's incredibly romantic." - Christina Ricci
"Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family." - Francesca Annis
"I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person." - Alanis Morissette
"I was advised by an American agent when I was about 19 to change my surname." - Rachel Weisz
"I could be making a lot more money now if I had chosen a different kind of movie, but none of that matters to me... I've done the parts I wanted to do." - Jessica Lange
"There is nothing like the way people feel after they've seen 'The Intouchables.' They feel amazing. The word of mouth on this film is incredible. It's intelligent-feeling good. You're not insulted by the low-browness or stupidity of some of the humor. It's so smart and terrific." - Harvey Weinstein
"Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self." - B. R. Ambedkar
"This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions." - Lord Byron
"The quality of life is so much higher anyplace you can ski in the morning and surf in the evening - there's something to be said for that." - Ian Somerhalder
"When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them." - Allen Klein
"The best protection any woman can have... is courage." - Elizabeth Cady Stanton
"I grew up with not a lot of money and I definitely shopped at Goodwill. But even in my most unfortunate state, I was really blessed compared to a lot of the rest of the world. I had a really great chance to follow my dreams and have them actually come true." - AnnaLynne McCord
"People are so used to having their lives filmed, they're not even conscious of having cameras around. I still have that sort of suspicion when a camera comes out. I view it as a thing to fear." - Sade Adu
"Confidence and a good sense of humor can usually win a chick over." - Danny McBride
"What I like about the 'Underworld' thing is that it's a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message." - Theo James
"I never pursued being 'famous.'" - Francesca Annis
"China has not established the rule of law and if there is a power above the law there is no social justice. Everybody can be subjected to harm. I'm just a citizen: my life is equal in value to any other. But I'm thankful that when I lost my freedom so many people shared feelings and put such touching effort into helping me." - Ai Weiwei
"My health and my family are the core of my being." - Jon Bon Jovi
"In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative fight, flee - or laugh." - Robert Orben
"Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best." - Kin Hubbard
"So Indian policy has become institutionalized and the result has been that American people have become more dependent on government and that the American people have become more dependent on corporations." - Russell Means
"Walk on a rainbow trail walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail." - Robert Motherwell
"Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'" - Bill Maher
"Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free." - Harry Browne
"The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself." - Charles Bronson
"I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance." - Ang Lee
"Don't judge me. I made a lot of money." - Samantha Bee
"Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it." - Mary Baker Eddy
"Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution." - Russell, Bertrand
"A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together." - James H. Boren
"No, I got a GED in my 30s. My kids know that I never stop learning, and they know I love reading. I have books overflowing everywhere. I am current on today's events and I read the paper every day, and we talk about it, so they see that appetite." - Michael J. Fox
"It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine." - Chloe Sevigny
"I like being a Baha'i who has an out-there sense of humor. God gives us talents and faculties, and making people laugh is one of mine." - Rainn Wilson
"Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a college degree, influential parents, good looks, a resume, two 3X4 snapshots, and a good tax record." - Novaes,Carlos Eduardo
"I was half asleep lying there writing this lyric in my head at about 3:30 in the morning. I woke Steve up with this idea and then we went into the living room where there was a little upright piano and finished the song. I wonder where that piano is now?" - Jim Capaldi
"The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society." - Henrik Ibsen
"I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before." - Tadao Ando
"A place for everything, everything in its place." - Benjamin Franklin
"This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible." - Carter G. Woodson
"It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done." - Dick Cheney
"Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day." - Marissa Mayer
"The most important thing is to write material that YOU think is funny. If you don't think it's funny, but you're convinced that other people will think it is, well they won't." - Mo Rocca
"You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know." - Jim Bakker
"The majority does not rule in America, but the minority shouldn't hijack it. And it's because we're afraid. They have isolated us and made us feel as though we're alone. We're not." - Glenn Beck
"When bad men combine, the good must associate else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle." - Edmund Burke
"The secret of happiness is to find a congenial monotony." - V. S. Pritchett
"Mothers send strips to daughters to make a point. Daughters smack strips down on the breakfast table to make a point. My own mom sometimes cuts a strip out and sends it to me to make sure I understand her." - Cathy Guisewite
"It is not the business of generals to shoot one another." - Arthur Wellesley
"I'm not one of those complicated, mixed-up cats. I'm not looking for the secret to life... I just go on from day to day, taking what comes." - Frank Sinatra
"I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time." - Chloe Moretz
"Mr. Obama still has time to reverse course. A great deal depends on it. To fail on health care yet again might well be the 'Waterloo' Republicans dream of." - Thomas Frank
"And I pray thee, loving Jesus, that as Thou hast graciously given me to drink in with delight the words of Thy knowledge, so Thou wouldst mercifully grant me to attain one day to Thee, the fountain of all wisdom and to appear forever before Thy face." - Venerable Bede
"I am one of those who would rather sink with faith than swim without it." - Stanley Baldwin
"The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God." - Malcolm X
"The health industry, the fitness industry, was really starting to pick up. This was around the mid 80's." - Warren Cuccurullo
"I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"I learned what I need to do in the long jump, what I needed to do in the javelin and I've been able to rectify those events. It's been a bit of a learning curve, which is good." - Jessica Ennis
"I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop." - Kid Rock
"Although I do not have a family, I have eyes, ears and imagination, and know, as most people know, that the importance of one's children is paramount." - Lara St. John
"It is hard to miss the irony in the fact that the very same week that Republicans were publicly heralding Congressman Paul Ryan's plan to inject market forces into the American health care system, they were crafting a budget deal to strip them from the health reform law." - Ron Wyden
"The church acknowledges some Scientologists choose to sever communications with family members who leave. The church says it is a fundamental human right to cease communication with someone. It adds disconnection is used against expelled members and those who attack the church." - John Sweeney
"I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadn't found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets." - Jolene Blalock
"Suspicion is the cancer of friendship." - Petrarch
"My older sister was at the cusp of new wave, and I had older brothers from my father's first marriage who were rock 'n' roll guys, so I was exposed to a lot of popular culture." - Paul Thomas Anderson
"But thankfully, my first album, 'Wide Screen,' was sort of a critics' darling - everyone raved about it, but no one bought it. They only manufactured 10,000 copies I wasn't even in the running for failure!" - Rupert Holmes
"In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business." - Ted Allen
"He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything." - Baltasar Gracian
"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared." - Buddha
"Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage." - Plutarch
"My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment." - Nadia Comaneci
"Thrift is of great revenue." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups." - Cathy Guisewite
"Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The number of illegal activities were so large that one was bound to come out and lead to the uncovering of the others. Nixon was too willing to use the power of government to settle scores and get even with enemies." - Bob Woodward
"I remember being a kid and sleeping over at my friend's house and staying up late and watching 'Nosferatu.' Vampire movies are supposed to be secret and bad. They should be rated R." - Ethan Hawke
"My mom's the one I look up to for everything. I feel like I'm a lump of clay and she's moulding me into a woman." - Chloe Moretz
"From the equality of rights springs identity of our highest interests you cannot subvert your neighbor's rights without striking a dangerous blow at your own." - Carl Schurz
"I'm a fun father, but not a good father. The hard decisions always went to my wife." - John Lithgow
"I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots." - Johnny Depp
"I was born in Texas and I lived there 'till I was 8. Then I moved to the Dominican Republic with my mom, lived there for two years and forgot every word of English I knew." - Michelle Rodriguez
"Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart." - Gene Tunney
"To stop terrorists before the strike, we must do three things: deny them entry into the country, curtail their freedom of action inside the country, and deprive them of material and moral support from within the country." - Richard Perle
"The fellow that owns his own home is always just coming out of a hardware store." - Kin Hubbard
"You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level." - John Krasinski
"I want you to see that I'm looking. Look at me look at you. I'm cool with that." - Busta Rhymes
"For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty." - John Cheever
"And time itself? Time was a never-ending medium that stretched into the future and the past - except there was no future and no past, but an infinite number of brackets, extending either way, each bracket enclosing its single phase of the Universe." - Clifford D. Simak
"Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits." - Mike Honda
"We don't have an eternity to realize our dreams, only the time we are here." - Susan Taylor
"Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change." - Stephen Covey
"We know not of the future and cannot plan for it much." - Joshua Chamberlain
"I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on." - Nina Dobrev
"I never played much golf as a kid. I caddied quite a bit but never got serious into golf until about age 15." - Lee Trevino
"I think that we could be more careful about what we're saying to young women in terms of their expectations. It's unrealistic to expect people to always be in designer clothes. Girls growing up deserve more freedom in how they look and how they feel about how they look." - Emily Procter
"It's so different when you change your hair color, you're treated so differently. It's a very funny experience. It's fun - I love changing up my hair." - Kate Bosworth
"I have never met anyone who did not support our troops. Sometimes, however, we hear accusations that someone or some group does not support the men and women serving in our Armed Forces. But this is pure demagoguery, and it is intellectually dishonest." - Ron Paul
"It's like, it's kind of like if you ever had a car and it was a bit of a clunker but you love it, that's my show. It's a bit of a clunker but I know where everything is and I like it." - Craig Ferguson
"If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age." - George Burns
"I don't really think of things in terms of legacy or where I stand in the history of Nintendo or anything like that." - Shigeru Miyamoto
"There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking." - David Byrne
"I became an art major, took every art class my school had to offer. In college, I majored in Advertising Art and Design." - Len Wein
"You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen." - Paulo Coelho
"Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason." - Ayn Rand
"I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such." - Robert Rodriguez
"Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life." - Leo Buscaglia
"All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God." - Thomas Browne
"Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts." - Marcus V. Pollio
"I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?" - Shahrukh Khan
"Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen." - Brad Meltzer
"I am the family face flesh perishes, I live on." - Thomas Hardy
"When it comes to war, we focus more on the mainstream coverage of the event, rather than the event itself. People dying is never funny. Protest puppets are always funny." - Mo Rocca
"We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views." - James McGreevey
"No government can help the destinies of people who insist in putting sectional and class consciousness ahead of general weal." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"My wife and I have been together since 1986. I graduated in '86 and she graduated in '88. We began dating when she was 17. Actually she turned 18 when we started kissing and stuff." - Cuba Gooding, Jr.
"Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious." - Will Rogers
"I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care." - Mikhail Baryshnikov
"Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it." - Bill Cosby
"I'm fascinated by the journey that an intelligent and an ambitious woman makes in the professional world in contrast to the journey that a man of similar ambition, of similar intelligence makes. What sort of concessions does a woman have to make? Does she have to work 20 percent harder than a man?" - Charles Cumming
"Thirty-five is a very attractive age, London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years." - Wilde, Oscar
"Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred." - Yousef Munayyer
"Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions." - Harold S. Geneen
"For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness." - Aeschylus
"When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength." - Lao Tzu
"That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for." - Eric Carle
"Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely." - Erma Bombeck
"I'm not unknown, yet I'm not super famous where I can't go anywhere." - Justin Guarini
"It's about time we all faced up to the truth. If we accept the radical homosexual agenda, be it in the military or in marriage or in other areas of our lives, we are utterly destroying the concept of family." - Alan Keyes
"I want people to think of me as a nice person. I really am so blessed. All of this has been a great experience and I thank the American public so much for putting me in this position. I appreciate every second of it." - Carrie Underwood
"Most sermons sound to me like commercials - but I can't make out whether God is the Sponsor or the Product." - Mignon McLaughlin
"Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about." - Iain Duncan Smith
"I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life." - Mitch Hedberg
"I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves." - Wilhelm von Humboldt
"Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you." - Wayne Dyer
"We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends." - Mary McLeod Bethune
"I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future." - Lewis B. Smedes
"My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings." - Jay London
"Honestly, being a doctor could make you more close minded than regular people." - Alex Chiu
"The people of Hong Kong are criticized for only being interested in business, but it's the only thing they've been allowed to do." - Paul Theroux
"Home is the place we love best and grumble the most." - Billy Sunday
"It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience." - Immanuel Kant
"On my job I end up jumping out of planes. Last week I got in an 18-wheeler and drove down a runway onto a skid track. The week before that they put me in a car and sunk me to the bottom of a lake to see if I could escape without an oxygen tank." - Rick Mercer
"The plan we developed to deal with al Qaeda depended on developing sources of human and technical intelligence that could give us insights into his plans at the tactical level. This is easy to say but hard to accomplish." - Cofer Black
"For a good workout, I go to At One Fitness in North Hollywood, where my trainer, Jon Allsop, puts me through it all. I like it because it's a small gym and I've known the people for a long time. Jon will have me do cross-training where I'll lift weights, jump rope, throw around a medicine ball and I never get to stop." - Tim DeKay
"Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm really obsessive about anything dealing with my health." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"A development deal is where they're giving you recording time and money to record, but not promising that they'll put an album out." - Taylor Swift
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times." - Bruce Lee
"Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future." - William Wordsworth
"You can't run a business or anything else on a theory." - Harold S. Geneen
"You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night." - Slash
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance." - Aristotle
"Every dad who loves his daughter is not going to want her to go with the penniless slacker loser poet bum, when she could go out with someone who's successful." - John Leguizamo
"I'm not into watching stuff I did last week, let alone three or four years ago." - Chris Hemsworth
"I have been in movies that I thought I wasn't very good in." - Christopher Walken
"My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can." - Harry Connick, Jr.
"Where I come from, you don't really talk about how much you're earning. Those things are private. My dad never told my mum how much he was earning. I'm certainly not going to tell the world. I'm doing well." - Paul McCartney
"I just have faith. It's just there. It's not any big deal." - Ernie Harwell
"My country has contrived for me the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived or his imagination conceived." - John Adams
"The prospects for a coherent, hilarious and consistent American comedy seem to lessen every year, as the poor waterlogged, gassy corpse called 'Evan Almighty' proved when it floated ashore recently. So there's a temptation to think too highly of Robin Williams's uneven but occasionally funny 'License to Wed.'" - Stephen Hunter
"For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind." - James Rouse
"A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress." - Lord Byron
"It is often difficult to watch yourself onscreen, especially 60-feet high. As an actor, it is an uncomfortable experience." - Chris Hemsworth
"The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made." - Giraudoux, Jean
"I hope to refine music, study it, try to find some area that I can unlock. I don't quite know how to explain it but it's there. These can't be the only notes in the world, there's got to be other notes some place, in some dimension, between the cracks on the piano keys." - Marvin Gaye
"A library, to modify the famous metaphor of Socrates, should be the delivery room for the birth of ideas - a place where history comes to life." - Norman Cousins
"I try to shave at night so my skin has a chance to settle by the early morning call-time." - Patrick Wilson
"Future orientation is combined with a notion and expectation of progress, and nothing is impossible." - Alan Dundes
"Power is the great aphrodisiac." - Henry A. Kissinger
"The Constitution was written by 55 educated and highly intelligent men in Philadelphia in 1787, but it was written so that it could be understood by people of limited education and modest intelligence." - John Jay Hooker
"Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving." - Henry Ford
"I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you." - Alex Winter
"The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields." - Joe Barton
"I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith." - Brittany Murphy
"Is it right to probe so deeply into Nature's secrets? The question must here be raised whether it will benefit mankind, or whether the knowledge will be harmful." - Pierre Curie
"In Washington, success is just a training course for failure." - Simon Hoggart
"A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves." - Marcel Proust
"I made a very conscious effort to finish 'The Cypress House' before 'So Cold the River' launched, because I thought that would help build a buffer between my writing and any impact that came from either the success or the failure of that first book." - Michael Koryta
"It is always self-defeating to pretend to a generation younger than your own it simply erases your own experience in history." - Renata Adler
"No man can reveal to you nothing but that which already lies half-asleep in the dawning of your knowledge." - Khalil Gibran
"Some people feel that what we're doing makes no sense, that it's just a waste of money. But it's working." - Calvin Klein
"I realized women and humor were linked very closely." - Craig Ferguson
"The bad fortune of the good turns their faces up to heaven the good fortune of the bad bows their heads down to the earth." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated." - Thomas Sowell
"I am involved with 'Write Girl,' which is such a great organization, because they go into inner city schools and work with underprivileged girls to pair them up with other writers. And it gets them learning to express themselves and become familiar with their own voice. They have a 100% success ratio getting those girls into college." - Melissa Rosenberg
"There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies." - Miroslav Vitous
"Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love." - Gilbert Parker
"In America, we no longer have an institutionalized, organized way of calling business to task - of taking them to account for what they've done - and this is especially true in the cultural realm." - Thomas Frank
"Our imaginations are strong as children. Sometimes they get shoved aside, these imaginations. They get dusty and mildewed with age. The imagination is a muscle that has to be put to use or it shrivels." - Julianna Baggott
"Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth." - Margaret Walker
"The Senator from Massachusetts has given us ample grounds to doubt the judgment and the attitude he brings to bear on vital issues of national security." - Dick Cheney
"When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you." - Victoria Justice
"Being a parent is not for the faint of heart. I may joke about knowing fear, but the fact is, the first time I ever knew real fear was the day Charlotte, my first child, was born. Suddenly there is someone in the world you care about more than anything." - Harlan Coben
"Worry - a God, invisible but omnipotent. It steals the bloom from the cheek and lightness from the pulse it takes away the appetite, and turns the hair gray." - Benjamin Disraeli
"I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it." - Roland Gift
"Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention." - Deepak Chopra
"Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for." - Adam Sandler
"During a trip to Iraq last fall, I visited our theater hospital at Balad Air Force Base and witnessed these skilled medical professionals in action and met the brave soldiers whose lives they saved." - Melissa Bean
"Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning." - Jim Woodring
"It's funny when people say you have sex appeal or call you the next Brad Pitt. I just laugh. I'm not that. I don't want to be that." - Kellan Lutz
"The Soviet Union did not achieve victory over the West, so was my information inadequate to help them to victory, or did it play no particular role in their failure to achieve victory?" - Aldrich Ames
"They see me as being this Super Mom on TV who also can more than handle a difficult husband, and they assume I'm going to be just full of wisdom as a mother and wife myself." - Patricia Richardson
"I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else." - John Keats
"They still have some money, and they have needs to supply. They must begin immediately to pool their earnings and organize industries to participate in supplying social and economic demands." - Carter G. Woodson
"Your aim will be knowledge and wisdom, not the reflected glamour of fame." - Abbott L. Lowell
"I am healthy, my family is healthy. That is the important thing. After that we go racing." - Mark Webber
"Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beauty's sake and pulls it down to earth." - Marston Morse
"Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different." - Ruben Studdard
"That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally." - William Feather
"A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"In a typical history book, black Americans are mentioned in the context of slavery or civil rights. There's so much more to the story." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Death is an endless night so awful to contemplate that it can make us love life and value it with such passion that it may be the ultimate cause of all joy and all art." - Paul Theroux
"On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really." - Anthony Daniels
"Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other." - David Hume
"Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live." - Dorothy Thompson
"My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race, you never give up." - Alice Cooper
"Fear is the thought of admitted inferiority." - Elbert Hubbard
"You can be a thousand different women. It's your choice which one you want to be. It's about freedom and sovereignty. You celebrate who you are. You say, 'This is my kingdom.'" - Salma Hayek
"The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want." - Justin Timberlake
"Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money." - Rush Limbaugh
"Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life." - Oscar Wilde
"Humor is a social lubricant that helps us get over some of the bad spots." - Steve Allen
"Fame is indeed beautiful and benign and gentle and satisfying, but happiness is something at once tender and brilliant beyond all things." - Mary MacLane
"I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future." - Wilma Mankiller
"Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services." - Henry Ford
"I'm calling from my car, I'm sorry, I'm like running around like crazy." - Melissa Joan Hart
"I like video games, but they are very violent. I want to create a video game in which you have to help all the characters who have died in the other games. 'Hey, man, what are you playing?' 'Super Busy Hospital. Could you leave me alone? I'm performing surgery! This guy got shot in the head, like, 27 times!'" - Demetri Martin
"I think if you do something effectively whether you're the lover or the comic or the action guy or the villain like I play movies are very expensive to make. Chances are you'll get asked to play that part again." - Christopher Walken
"Knowledge is true opinion." - Plato
"If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want." - Zig Ziglar
"I spent many years trying to write a lot like Ben Folds or John Lennon or Rivers Cuomo. I think that's healthy when you're learning to write and seeing how chords fit together and how songs take shape." - Andrew Dost
"Love and esteem are the first principles of friendship it is always imperfect if either of these two are wanting." - Eustace Budgell
"How long most people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a large turbot for it?" - John Ruskin
"Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love." - Eminem
"Hope is the denial of reality." - Margaret Weis
"The family is one of nature's masterpieces." - George Santayana
"Are we still a country that takes risks, that innovates, that believes anything is possible? Or are we a country that is resigned to whatever liberty the government decides to dish out?" - Mitch McConnell
"In Scotland, the indication is that for the Westminster elections at least, Labour voters are satisfied with their government." - Lucy Powell
"When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine." - Richard Dawkins
"A happy family is but an earlier heaven." - George Bernard Shaw
"The secret of food lies in memory - of thinking and then knowing what the taste of cinnamon or steak is." - Jerry Saltz
"Value your friendship. Value your relationships." - Barbara Bush
"The American people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. It's fiscal discipline in Washington, D.C. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms." - Mike Pence
"Someday we'll learn the whole story of why George W. Bush brushed off that intelligence briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, 'Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.' But surely a big distraction was the major speech he was readying for delivery on Aug. 9, his first prime-time address to the nation." - Frank Rich
"I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done." - Rachel Bilson
"The humblest individual exerts some influence, either for good or evil, upon others." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts." - Alan Cohen
"Comedy is surprises, so if you're intending to make somebody laugh and they don't laugh, that's funny." - Norm MacDonald
"I don't want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. He's a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach." - Jimmy Carter
"For me, food is all about balance. If you eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and an appropriate amount of poultry, fish, and red meat that are sourced from good places, you're doing well. It's important to make sure that the meat you're consuming is hormone-free." - Curtis Stone
"History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird." - Joseph Conrad
"The fastest way to break the cycle of perfectionism and become a fearless mother is to give up the idea of doing it perfectly - indeed to embrace uncertainty and imperfection." - Arianna Huffington
"Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.'" - Ray Comfort
"I have no requirements for a style of architecture." - Michael Graves
"Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people." - Mary Kay Ash
"Making movies is a very different experience in a lot of ways. It's difficult when you're used to owning the copyright and having a landlord's possessory rights - I rent my plays to the companies that do them and, if I'm upset, I can pull the play. But the only two directors I've worked with are pretty great." - Tony Kushner
"Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone." - Sigmund Freud
"After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money." - Helen Gurley Brown
"And for my family, comedically, that was the key to a lot of the humor." - Damon Wayans
"Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof." - Richard Bach
"It is my deliberate opinion that the one essential requisite of human welfare in all ways is scientific knowledge of human nature." - Harriet Martineau
"The only people that you really have, that I learned, are your family, because they love you no matter what." - Miley Cyrus
"My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship." - Kyle Chandler
"Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death." - Frederick Buechner
"Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been." - Samuel Daniel
"If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?" - Casey Affleck
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." - Bruce Lee
"If I have to produce movies, direct movies, whatever to change the way Hollywood treats older women, I'll do it. If I have to bend the rules, I will. If I have to break them, I will." - Naomi Watts
"If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist." - Patrick Swayze
"I don't think my wife likes me very much, when I had a heart attack she wrote for an ambulance." - Frank Carson
"There is a kind of beauty in imperfection." - Conrad Hall
"Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world." - Kofi Annan
"Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again." - Cat Stevens
"We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"You are not a human being in search of a spiritual experience. You are a spiritual being immersed in a human experience." - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters." - Harry Callahan
"I think that the present is worth attention, one shouldn't sacrifice it to future conceptions of, of this future or that future." - Tom Stoppard
"I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions." - Tony Campolo
"Americans are fascinated by their own love of shopping. This does not make them unique. It's just that they have more to buy than most other people on the planet. And it's also an affirmation of faith in their country." - Simon Hoggart
"Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else." - Alphonse Karr
"I'm obsessed with the 1920s, everything from the style to the lifestyle. It was a really cool era." - Lauren Conrad
"I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that." - Christina Hendricks
"There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it." - Ernest Hemingway
"In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime." - Desmond Tutu
"Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority." - Tom Hopkins
"No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches." - Milan Kundera
"To die for an idea it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true!" - H. L. Mencken
"The day I finished 'Twilight,' I came home and started bulking up. For 'New Moon,' I'm 30 pounds heavier than I was in 'Twilight.'" - Taylor Lautner
"I think it's too bad that everybody's decided to turn on drugs, I don't think drugs are the problem. Crime is the problem. Cops are the problem. Money's the problem. But drugs are just drugs." - Jerry Garcia
"I think there's a lot of work to be done with our societies. My biggest passions are the environment and health. And when I say 'health' I mean the secrets behind health and our food system." - Shailene Woodley
"I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"We go there with confidence, but we know there is a very fine line between success and failure in this game." - Alan Shearer
"Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts." - Elizabeth I
"Love begets love. This torment is my joy." - Roethke, Theodore
"My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in 'The Blues Brothers.' I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!" - Richard Hammond
"Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight." - Phyllis Diller
"One must never assume that a character is sympathetic because of either the actor playing them or the fact that they're a lead. I think that's a recipe for failure, actually, because if they become unsympathetic, you lose your audience." - Melissa Rosenberg
"War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination." - Bill Moyers
"Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image." - Denis Waitley
"The Word of God well understood and religiously obeyed is the shortest route to spiritual perfection. And we must not select a few favorite passages to the exclusion of others. Nothing less than a whole Bible can make a whole Christian." - Aiden Wilson Tozer
"I'd just turned 50, weighed 285, and my doctor had read me the riot act about my health." - Daniel Baldwin
"The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother." - Charles Dickens
"Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact." - Lyndon B. Johnson
"Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie and the workers want no lying." - Mikhail Bakunin
"Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community." - Rod Blagojevich
"Experience teaches that men are often so much governed by what they are accustomed to see and practice, that the simplest and most obvious improvements, in the most ordinary occupations, are adopted with hesitation, reluctance, and by slow gradations. Men would resist changes, so long as even a bare support could be ensured by an adherence to ancient courses, and perhaps even longer." - Hamilton, Alexander
"Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me." - Orson Welles
"Diabetes is a disease that's had a deep impact on my family. My little brother has had type 1 diabetes since he was a baby and I have spent time learning about the disease and trying to bring attention to it so that one day soon we will reach a cure." - Izabel Goulart
"I think first and foremost everybody should understand that Canadians are strongly committed to the system of universal health insurance, to the principle that your ability to pay does not determine your access to critical medical service." - Stephen Harper
"You know, we'd just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and it's a loss to the world, not just for us." - Robin Gibb
"All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives." - Dalai Lama
"It is true greatness to have in one the frailty of a man and the security of a god." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our marriage." - John le Carre
"Man cannot live by incompetence alone." - Charlotte Whitton
"I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor." - Rod Stewart
"Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't." - Jonathan Raban
"If you asked somebody, 'what do you wish for in life?' they wouldn't say 'happiness.' I would have answered 'excitement, knowledge,' God knows - I mean, many, many different things, but certainly not 'happiness'. It seemed like a foreign concept to wish for something that specific and that singular." - Connie Nielsen
"I get 0.5 seconds to react to a ball, sometimes even less than that. I can't be thinking of what XYZ has said about me. I need to surrender myself to my natural instincts. My subconscious mind knows exactly what to do. It is trained to react. At home, my family doesn't discuss media coverage." - Sachin Tendulkar
"My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence." - Daniel Goleman
"The truth is found when men are free to pursue it." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I believe in communication books communicate ideas and make bridges between people." - Jeanette Winterson
"Don't come home a failure." - Ty Cobb
"I'm an emotional sort of person in general and I have a vivid imagination, so I feel the whole spectrum of emotion strongly when I write." - Erin Morgenstern
"Successful crimes alone are justified." - John Dryden
"Many people when they fall in love look for a little haven of refuge from the world, where they can be sure of being admired when they are not admirable, and praised when they are not praiseworthy." - Russell, Bertrand
"In the original draft I was 27 and Peter was 55 in the script. That's not the same as a guy in his 40s and a dad in the end of his 70s. It's a different point in both our lives." - Paul Reiser
"I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it." - Joel Osteen
"Well I certainly have learned and I hope I'm moving on and certainly two years of prison was a terrible punishment." - Jeffrey Archer
"War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it." - Benito Mussolini
"At one time there were voiceover artists, now there are celebrity voiceover artists. It's unfortunate because these people need the money less than the voiceover artist." - David Duchovny
"Life is the flower for which love is the honey." - Victor Hugo
"Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter." - Benjamin Disraeli
"If you cast your bread upon the water and you have faith, you'll get back cash. If you don't have faith, you'll get soggy bread." - Don King
"Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets." - Ronald Reagan
"I hasten to laugh at everything, for fear of being obliged to weep." - Pierre Beaumarchais
"Marriage is the most natural state of man, and...the state in which you will find solid happiness." - Franklin, Benjamin
"Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery." - Fulton J. Sheen
"To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all." - Anatole France
"Once you're halfway home, you know that you can probably get the rest of the way there." - Janis Ian
"I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go." - Jason Mraz
"My main objective is to prepare candidates for professional baseball however, the majority of our graduates will go home as much better qualified amateurs." - Jim Evans
"Having your fiscal house in order and having a more manageable macro-economic future is going to be very useful in creating growth." - Fareed Zakaria
"The perfection of art is to conceal art." - Quintilian
"The reality of split government puts a premium on creativity within the administration. President Obama needs to put the right people in charge of the agencies and then have them push the bounds of administrative power to change policy through those agencies. President Obama has a pretty good track record of this." - Eliot Spitzer
"A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love." - Thomas Chandler Haliburton
"It's not a bad thing for a writer not to feel at home. Writers - we're much more comfortable at parties standing in the corner watching everybody else having a good time than we are mingling." - Neil Gaiman
"If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?" - Joyce Carol Oates
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
"My aim then was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us." - William Tecumseh Sherman
"I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey." - Sylvester Stallone
"Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties." - Helen Keller
"I think an artist's responsibility is more complex than people realize." - Jodie Foster
"I apologize for being obvious, but every time I watch the curtain come down on even a halfway decent production of a Shakespeare play I feel a little sorrowful that I'll never know the man, or any man of such warm intelligence." - Ian Mcewan
"A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.'" - Eminem
"There is a group of individuals who are radical jihadists. We need to call them by name. They believe it is OK to kill people in the name of their religion. It is not all of Islam. It is not all Muslims. But there is a subgroup who believe it is OK. In fact, it is their plan and design to kill people." - Tim Pawlenty
"My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family." - Gordon Ramsay
"Whatever dreams I have wished have come true." - Annette Funicello
"The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness." - Christopher Morley
"The elimination of the fear of death transforms the individual's way of being in the world." - Stanislav Grof
"I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids." - Selena Gomez
"Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art." - Tom Stoppard
"Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune." - Plato
"For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before." - Vidal Sassoon
"I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like." - Gail Simmons
"I'm not on the run from anything and I'm not at all clear about what I'm running towards. But as some great writer put it, I want to be certain that when I arrive at death, I'm totally exhausted." - Fiona Shaw
"To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy." - Thomas Browne
"The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons." - Edwin Powell Hubble
"God has given you one face, and you make yourself another." - William Shakespeare
"If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work." - Khalil Gibran
"The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men." - Bertrand Russell
"We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band." - Joan Jett
"If the euro zone doesn't come up with a comprehensive vision of its own future, you'll have a whole range of nationalist, xenophobic and extreme movements increasing across the European Union. And, frankly, questions about the British debate on EU membership will just be a small sideshow compared to the rise of political populism." - Nick Clegg
"The way you deal with a scare is the way you deal with a laugh. The timing has to be perfect. When you're dealing with fear or laughter - emotions that happen spontaneously - you hope it's working. But in the moment, you really have no idea." - Patrick Wilson
"Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight." - Billy Corgan
"In the fight against terrorism, national agencies keep full control over their police forces, security and intelligence agencies and judicial authorities." - Gijs de Vries
"I didn't try to copy my dad or fit into the pressure or the mold that everybody tried to make me fit into." - Joel Osteen
"Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness." - Paulo Coelho
"A joke is a very serious thing." - Winston Churchill
"It wasn't a problem for me drawing humans although I had originally come to the studio with the idea that what I had to offer them was my knowledge in the drawing of animals." - Marc Davis
"Baking cookies is comforting, and cookies are the sweetest little bit of comfort food. They are very bite-sized and personal." - Sandra Lee
"There is no chance and anarchy in the universe. All is system and gradation. Every god is there sitting in his sphere." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I've got volumes on how not to behave. I've got more information now than a guy should have at my age." - Charlie Sheen
"The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do." - Sarah Ban Breathnach
"To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse." - Barbara Tuchman
"Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.'" - Robert Pattinson
"No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change." - John Ruskin
"When I write now I do not invent situation, characters, or actions, but rather structures and discursive forms, textual groupings which are combined according to secret affinities among themselves, as in architecture or the plastic arts." - Juan Goytisolo
"I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration." - Neil Diamond
"There are a lot of things I can take, and a few that I can't. What I can't take is when my older brother, who's everything that I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw that look in your eyes last night. I don't ever want to see that look in your eyes again." - M. Night Shyamalan
"Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place." - Zora Neale Hurston
"Do all you can to make your dreams come true." - Joel Osteen
"My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine." - Adam Carolla
"I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"If you don't have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, it's like getting in a car and not having any gas." - Gus Van Sant
"What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning." - Robert Burton
"Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself." - Andre Breton
"Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture." - Ibrahim Babangida
"My kids say if there's any family dinner that doesn't result in somebody crying, it's not a good dinner. They cry because it helps relieve them of a guilt or some onerous emotional burden. It's like a family tradition." - William Shatner
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." - Ernest Hemingway
"I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I don't hang with the cool crowd." - Diane Kruger
"I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and that's a pretty small car!" - Richard Hammond
"Solitude can be used well by very few people. They who do must have a knowledge of the world to see the foolishness of it, and enough virtue to despise all the vanity." - Abraham Cowley
"I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull." - Oprah Winfrey
"Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old." - Julia Roberts
"I think it's very empowering to be able to have a career and to be a mother. It gives you an amazing sense of self." - Georgina Chapman
"I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love." - Charlotte Arnold
"No, I can tell you one of the first things that happens to a home secretary when they arrive in the job is that they are given a briefing about the security matters that they will be dealing with and I deal with security matters on a daily basis." - Theresa May
"Giving is good, but taking is bad and brings death." - Hesiod
"I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many." - Robert Indiana
"These are the same people who believe, in some cases, the federal government should not play any role in providing health care to our people or protecting the environment." - Bernie Sanders
"Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act." - Truman Capote
"We've always loved going to the movies. Our mom and dad are big movie fans. They'd take us on these movie orgys where we'd see sometimes three movies in a day." - Andy Wachowski
"I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there." - Ernie Harwell
"My size has helped make me an amazing performer too. The cliche of the Funny Fat Friend: I absolutely was that character - I am that character... It's a complicated bag of tools I acquired, and I've put them all to work onstage." - Beth Ditto
"I haven't deliberately set out to play the blonde bombshell in my movies. In fact, it's probably been quite the opposite. After the success of The Mask, I wasn't offered all that many blonde bombshell parts, to be honest. I think people believed from the beginning that I could actually walk and talk at the same time." - Cameron Diaz
"I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder." - Brittany Snow
"Although all the good arts serve to draw man's mind away from vices and lead it toward better things, this function can be more fully performed by this art, which also provides extraordinary intellectual pleasure." - Nicolaus Copernicus
"If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man." - Matthew Simpson
"Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing." - Allen Klein
"Knowledge without education is but armed injustice." - Horace
"It's interesting to do other people's music - that's how I learned to play, by learning other people's songs. It's nice to delve into how other people got to where they are." - Meshell Ndegeocello
"I think anyone about to leave one job not surprisingly would use their knowledge, their experience, their skills drawn from their previous positions to try and earn a living in the future. That's what happens in all interviews." - Geoff Hoon
"Hydrogen holds great promise to meet many of our future energy needs, and it addresses national security and our environmental concerns. Hydrogen is the simplest, most abundant element in the universe." - Dan Lipinski
"I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it." - Charles Schumer
"I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasn't a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant." - Ritchie Blackmore
"I have a dark sense of humor." - Olivia Munn
"Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art." - Tom Stoppard
"In my family, in the days prior to television, we liked to while away the evenings by making ourselves miserable, solely based on our ability to speak the language viciously." - David Mamet
"I have a fear of poverty in old age. I have this vision of myself living in a skip and eating cat food. It's because I'm freelance, and I've never had a proper job. I don't have a pension, and my savings are dwindling. I always thought someone would just come along and look after me." - Jenny Eclair
"After all, it's the future of business communication that we're looking toward." - Jim Barksdale
"That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all." - August Strindberg
"I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day." - Frank Sinatra
"Over the last couple of years, I've really worked toward balancing my life out more, having a little bit more time with friends, family and my boyfriend. There was a period of time when they were way down the list. It was all about music and touring and if everything fell by the wayside, so be it." - Alanis Morissette
"Man, I just feel blessed... I was in a situation where the only way I could come out of it was by putting my faith in God. No matter how good my lawyers were, no matter how much celebrity I had, everything was just stacked up against me." - Puff Daddy
"It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The best proof of love is trust." - Joyce Brothers
"I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz." - Jason Mraz
"You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy." - Harry Styles
"Kids are a huge sacrifice they change everything - but I'm ready to work for things of greater importance than going out to meet someone for dinner at 10 o'clock at night." - Katherine Heigl
"90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world." - Colin Powell
"My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese." - Tom Shadyac
"The meaning of life is contained in every single expression of life. It is present in the infinity of forms and phenomena that exist in all of creation." - Michael Jackson
"Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night." - William Blake
"Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!" - O. Henry
"The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect." - Thomas Huxley
"I've been quite fascinated by the relative insignificance of human existence, the shortness of life. We might as well be a letter in a word in a sentence on a page in a book in a library in a city in one country in this enormous universe! And that kind of fear and insignificance has kept me awake at night." - Laura Marling
"When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands." - Maria Shriver
"As a father, I do everything my dad didn't do. My son Beau's birth changed my life." - David Cassidy
"If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans." - James Herriot
"...Insidious is the cry for 'revolution,' at a time when not even the germs of new institutions exist, let alone the moral and political consciousness that could lead to a basic modification of social life. If there will be a 'revolution' in America today, it will no doubt be a move towards some variety of fascism. We must guard against the kind of revolutionary rhetoric that would have had Karl Marx burn down the British Museum because it was merely part of a repressive society. It would be criminal to overlook the serious flaws and inadequacies in our institutions, or to fail to utilize the substantial degree of freedom that most of us enjoy, within the framework of these flawed institutions, to modify them or even replace them by a better social order. One who pays some attention to history will not be surprised if those who cry most loudly that we must smash and destroy are later found among the administrators of some new system of repression." - Chomsky, Noam
"If someone lives in New York, he's a New Yorker - they are entitled to the best medical system in the world." - George Pataki
"Sometimes leadership is planting trees under whose shade you'll never sit. It may not happen fully till after I'm gone. But I know that the steps we're taking are the right steps." - Jennifer M. Granholm
"Suspicion is the cancer of friendship." - Petrarch
"All of this suggests that while citizens became more comfortable with President Bush after September 11 and thought him to have the requisite leadership skills, they continue to harbor doubts about his priorities, loyalties, interests, and policies." - Thomas E. Mann
"What's monotonous about being an actor and often makes me want to throw in the towel or drive a car off a bridge is the auditioning - the waiting around." - Chris Messina
"Lay this unto your breast: Old friends, like old swords, still are trusted best." - John Webster
"The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you." - Oscar Wilde
"I have long said there are three distinct groups under the GOP's tent: theological warriors, who want to impose their social views on the rest of society Tea Party zealots, who say with a straight face that they want the government to get out of their Medicare and remnants of the pro-business moderates." - Eliot Spitzer
"Art is the right hand of Nature.  The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men." - Schiller, Johann Von
"You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion." - Hillary Clinton
"A good reputation is more valuable than money." - Publilius Syrus
"Something is wanting, and something must be done, or we shall be involved in all the horror of failure, and civil war without a prospect of its termination." - Henry Knox
"I decided he'd changed so much that a whole new book was required and that book actually I can say so was the first to say that the marriage was in trouble and the Prince didn't like at all and my book was being serialized in the Sunday Times over five weeks." - Anthony Holden
"Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love." - Euripides
"Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics." - David Attenborough
"The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience." - Camille Paglia
"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it." - Matt LeBlanc
"Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it." - Sigmar Gabriel
"To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science." - Albert Einstein
"Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe." - Angela Merkel
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." - Marie Curie
"Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?" - Loretta Young
"I want to make all kinds of movies. I do want to make big movies that are a lot of fun to go to, but I also want to make movies that are going to stimulate some thought and maybe raise some awareness." - Nicolas Cage
"Thus, in accordance with the spirit of the Historical School, knowledge of the principles of the human world falls within that world itself, and the human sciences form an independent system." - Wilhelm Dilthey
"From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots." - Mikhail Bakunin
"Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish." - Barbara Smith
"If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long." - Noam Chomsky
"If I'm in something funny, I like to try and find some kind of serious line in it that people can relate to." - Ron Livingston
"I know this sounds generic, but I'm so happy to be home with my husband, my family, and my dog." - Fergie
"Some major writers have a huge impact, like Ayn Rand, who to my mind is a lousy fiction writer because her writing has no compassion and virtually no humor. She has a philosophical and economical message that she is passing off as fiction, but it really isn't fiction at all." - Theodore Sturgeon
"Government has no other end, but the preservation of property." - John Locke
"Hollywood films have become a cesspool of formula and it's up to us to try to change it... I feel like a preacher! But it's really true. I feel personally responsible for the future of American cinema. Me personally." - Alexander Payne
"I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool." - Natalie Wood
"I'm vulnerable to criticism. Any artist is, because you work alone in your studio and, until recently, critics were the only way you'd get any feedback." - Howard Hodgkin
"It's the most amazing feeling to hold your child in your arms." - Chris O'Donnell
"That knowledge which is popular is not scientific." - Maria Mitchell
"If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life." - Henry David Thoreau
"We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature." - Edmund Burke
"While we can remember the past, we cannot write the future. Only our children, the future of our community, can do that." - Jonathan Sacks
"Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship." - Laura Schlessinger
"I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected." - Robert Orben
"No movie influenced me more to go after my dreams than 'Flashdance.' After seeing it, I took 15 dance lessons a week. I cut all my sweatshirts. I did the 'Maniac' thing." - Elizabeth Berkley
"I don't think there's anybody in America who thinks my personality is best suited to being Number Two." - Chris Christie
"John Barry was my hero when I was about 13. His scores to the James Bond movies were the scores of my life back then." - Carter Burwell
"He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god." - Aristotle
"Health care is the No. 1 concern of small businesses and the status quo is untenable." - Karen Mills
"If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch." - A. N. Wilson
"In high school, I was on the youth advisory council for the Mayor's Office of Los Angeles, and that was kind of my first experience in the bureaucratic system. We tried to get things done, and nobody was really interested in getting anything done." - Rashida Jones
"The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot." - Audre Lorde
"If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows." - Jeanne Moreau
"Marrying into money was not a good thing for me." - Anna Nicole Smith
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." - Marie Curie
"You must change in order to survive." - Pearl Bailey
"Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things." - Keanu Reeves
"The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed." - Maya Angelou
"Growing up, if I hadn't had sports, I don't know where I'd be. God only knows what street corners I'd have been standing on and God only knows what I'd have been doing, but instead I played hockey and went to school and stayed out of trouble." - Bobby Orr
"Whenever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government." - Thomas Jefferson
"But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn." - Emma Watson
"There's nothing like coming home here, having the day off or morning off and going surfing. In Orlando I don't know what I would do." - Corbin Bernsen
"Age before beauty ... And pearls before swine. " - Parker, Dorothy
"My mom had to beg the guys to let me play. I couldn't even play the drums right - Brian had to show me." - Dennis Wilson
"Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love." - Dean Koontz
"I don't know if the average person really has faith in Washington anymore." - Tori Amos
"People break down after a couple of hours. All the defenses go down, and there's a kind of communication that if I spent 20 years in a living room with one of these people, I would never, never know as much about them as I do in that one day." - Lee Grant
"Lincoln's stature and strength, his intelligence and ambition - in short, all the elements which gave him popularity among men in New Salem, rendered him equally attractive to the fair sex of that village." - John George Nicolay
"A test of a people is how it behaves toward the old. It is easy to love children. Even tyrants and dictators make a point of being fond of children. But the affection and care for the old, the incurable, the helpless are the true gold mines of a culture." - Abraham Joshua Heschel
"Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night." - Marian Wright Edelman
"I haven't, in the 23 years that I have been in the uniformed services of the United States of America, ever violated an order - not one." - Oliver North
"Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money." - Sophocles
"The history of liberty is a history of resistance." - Woodrow Wilson
"In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom." - Roberto Cavalli
"There's tons of creative people in television that have one failure after another, and they just step up higher. I could never get over that. When I had a failure, there was no such thing as just getting over it." - Chuck Barris
"I'm not one aspect of the human experience - none of us is." - Jennifer Aniston
"Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver." - Jonathan Sacks
"Priests are not men of the world it is not intended that they should be and a University training is the one best adapted to prevent their becoming so." - Samuel Butler
"It's amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but it's also amazing how quickly they can drop it." - Tim Berners Lee
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." - Duke Ellington
"When I was 15, I worked at a dry cleaner because I wanted Abercrombie & Fitch jeans. My mom told me I could have $20 jeans, not $70 jeans, unless I was willing to work for them. So I did!" - Ashley Greene
"I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things." - Robert Plant
"Love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the separateness and integrity of one's own self." - Erich Fromm
"I had amazing stuff happen right off the top. I thought this was how it worked. Hollywood is awesome! Cut to three years later: What happened?" - Dana Fox
"My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of." - James Wood
"The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed." - Eminem
"I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business." - Betty White
"History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind." - Edward Gibbon
"There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend." - Jack Nicholson
"Another belief of mine that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise." - Margaret Atwood
"An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence." - Raymond Chandler
"I had a good imagination and I still have one a child-like imagination that hasn't gone away." - Laura Linney
"We've been so preoccupied with getting the government to behave in a fair and democratic way, we were not able to focus on the private sector where most of the jobs are, where most of the wealth and opportunities are." - Jesse Jackson
"Maybe you are the 'cool' generation If coolness means a capacity to stay calm and use your head in the service of ends passionately believed in, then it has my admiration." - Kingman Brewster, Jr.
"A novelist is, like all mortals, more fully at home on the surface of the present than in the ooze of the past." - Vladimir Nabokov
"I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home." - Fran Drescher
"Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'" - Bill Maher
"I hope I'm in a position to make stuff that I really want to make as opposed to stuff that I just have to make for money reasons, or to sustain a certain marquee value." - Paul Walker
"Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered." - W. Somerset Maugham
"But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion." - Javan
"I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool." - Dave Attell
"Not failure, but low aim, is crime." - James Russell Lowell
"I got tackled once in a movie theater. I was with my mom and brother, and then suddenly I got hit from behind and sort of sprawled out on the candy counter." - Scott Wolf
"In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it." - Ernst Fischer
"I'm cute - and God I hate that. Because that's not cool. I'm like your niece, and nobody wants to date their niece. It's the chubby cheeks. The whole reason people voted for me on American Idol is because I'm an everyday, normal girl." - Kelly Clarkson
"There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him." - Blaise Pascal
"We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it." - Christo
"Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause." - Plutarch
"Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval." - Thomas S. Monson
"Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Every general increase of freedom is accompanied by some degeneracy, attributable to the same causes as the freedom." - Charles Horton Cooley
"I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning." - John Barrymore
"Surely God would not have created such a being as man, with an ability to grasp the infinite, to exist only for a day! No, no, man was made for immortality." - Abraham Lincoln
"Art is the objectification of feeling." - Herman Melville
"Christianity emerged from the religion of Israel. Or rather, it has as its background a persistent strain in that religion. To that strain Christians have looked back, and rightly, as the preparation in history for their faith." - Kenneth Scott Latourette
"Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art." - Virginia Woolf
"The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death." - Henry Miller
"My days, if they start in the morning with a cuddle from my son, are just so much more glorious than they were prior to that." - Russell Crowe
"Women are the victims of this patriarchal culture, but they are also its carriers. Let us keep in mind that every oppressive man was raised in the confines of his mother's home." - Shirin Ebadi
"Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks." - Michelle Trachtenberg
"Humanity has experienced many revolutionary changes over the course of history: revolutions in agriculture, in science, industrial production, as well as numerous political revolutions. But these have all been limited to the external aspects of our individual and collective lives." - Daisaku Ikeda
"The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education." - John Ruskin
"I like to play guitar, jam out, play the blues, go watch movies. I love movies." - Dane Cook
"Sure, 'Twilight' is really huge right now and everybody's freaking out over it, but it will go away soon and I will be back to doing what I'm used to doing: weird little movies that nobody sees." - Kristen Stewart
"I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies." - Gordon Ramsay
"Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message." - Malcolm Muggeridge
"A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.'" - Claude Pepper
"Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures." - Tom Peters
"Men of polite learning and a liberal education." - Matthew Henry
"It's cool to play a vampire and be a part of this new, hot genre." - Josh Hutcherson
"The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business." - John Sununu
"I am imagination. I can see what the eyes cannot see. I can hear what the ears cannot hear. I can feel what the heart cannot feel." - Peter Nivio Zarlenga
"I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. I'm sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or I'd have to accept that it happened." - Jason Ritter
"To my mind the election was stolen by George Bush and we have been suffering ever since under this man's leadership." - Jessica Lange
"The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth." - John F. Kennedy
"I'm not driven to get back into politics. It's not on my top five things to do before I die, but saying that, I may be in politics in the next year or the next ten years. I've been on the front line for 12 years, four in state government, eight on the national level." - J. C. Watts
"Yoga is wonderful. It clears up most health problems. It also gives you an overview." - Helen Reddy
"I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me." - Alan Alda
"What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning." - Robert Burton
"I love acting. It's my playground, it let's me explore. But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting." - Chris Evans
"Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world." - Kofi Annan
"Western society has accepted as unquestionable a technological imperative that is quite as arbitrary as the most primitive taboo: not merely the duty to foster invention and constantly to create technological novelties, but equally the duty to surrender to these novelties unconditionally, just because they are offered, without respect to their human consequences. " - Mumford, Lewis
"My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor." - Steve Case
"After he was assassinated, his family and the men who had served him continued the lying and began the destruction, censoring and hiding of JFK's medical records." - Richard Reeves
"I spent all my time on my movies worried that people were eating and that the schedule was being kept, so to have experts in those areas giving me the brain space as a writer and director is huge." - Lena Dunham
"If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life." - Adam Carolla
"When I was in school, my mother stressed education. I am so glad she did. I graduated from Yale College and Yale University with my master's and I didn't do it by missing school." - Angela Bassett
"We are rarely proud when we are alone." - Voltaire
"It takes no imagination to live within your means." - Francis Ford Coppola
"Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there." - Robert Cormier
"When women go wrong, men go right after them." - Mae West
"It's time to look beyond the budget ax to assure access to health care for all. It's time to look for bipartisan solutions to the problems we can tackle today, and to work together for tomorrow - building a health care system that works for all Americans." - Ron Wyden
"Stand-up is like a movie every night. You write it, direct it, produce it, the audience votes, and you go home. There's nothing more satisfying." - Elayne Boosler
"The British system had requirements, including Latin. I'm not positive you ever had to know Greek, but there are certainly kinds of curricula where you had to know Greek too. I think in Britain there was the most mindless, repetitive sort of learning." - William Scott
"There are now over 5,000 medical physicists in the U.S more than 50 times the number in 1958." - John Cameron
"If you have easy self-contentment, you might have a very, very cheap source of happiness." - Leon Kass
"What the F.D.I.C. does is to put the full faith and credit of the United States government behind every savings account in the nation, up to a limit that has changed over the years and stands now at $100,000." - Nick Clooney
"Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old." - Lisa Leslie
"The music led to the acting. But movies aren't something you can just will yourself into. Someone has to choose you, and you have to be quite fortunate to be chosen." - Ice T
"My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person." - Janine Turner
"My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again." - Natalie Portman
"I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power." - Paul Wellstone
"I'm still going to make mistakes, but I don't have any problems with publicly professing my faith now. It just took me a long time to get to the right place in my relationship with Christ." - Scott Stapp
"The founders of a new colony, whatever Utopia of human virtue and happiness they might originally project, have invariably recognized it among their earliest practical necessities to allot a portion of the virgin soil as a cemetery, and another portion as the site of a prison." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
"In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me." - Adele
"The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel." - John Glenn
"My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality." - Jay London
"Fast sex, like fast food, is cheap, but it doesn't nourish the body - or the soul." - Suzanne Fields
"Yes, the companionship is amazing. You know, you can get that physical attraction that happens is great, but then there's an awful lot of time and the rest of the day that you have to fill." - Vince Gill
"My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things." - Clarence Thomas
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"I am leaving because I have to fight simultaneously a potential recurrence of cancer the Democratic leadership, a health care bill that's going to destroy this country, my opposition to it and a belief that my party has become what it became - what it campaigned against." - Eric Massa
"Acting is still, of course, what I love to do most. The beauty of it is that by changing characters, it never gets boring." - Christopher Lambert
"Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure." - Samuel Butler
"My mother was predominately a stay-at-home mom." - Andrew Rannells
"Asking the author of historical novels to teach you about history is like expecting the composer of a melody to provide answers about radio transmission." - Lion Feuchtwanger
"Life should be great rather than long." - B. R. Ambedkar
"There is still no cure for the common birthday." - John Glenn
"Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness." - James Thurber
"Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes adversity not without many comforts and hopes." - Francis Bacon
"There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake." - Orison Swett Marden
"Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"I grew up watching Monday Night Football with Howard Cosell and the other guys with my dad." - Lisa Guerrero
"I love learning new things that will never be put to practical use." - Jackson Rathbone
"Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer." - Bryant H. McGill
"My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long." - Buffalo Bill
"There is a bit of a movement as far as younger people in country music. That is cool because people are saying things like, 'I didn't listen to country music until so-and-so came along.' And I'm like, 'Yeah! Now you know why I love it.'" - Hunter Hayes
"My mom taught us the Serenity Prayer at a young age." - Toby Keith
"I like reading Ball Tongue lyrics and all that stuff. And they published a book, and I wouldn't give my lyrics, and it's all wrong in the book, and I giggle. It's funny." - Jonathan Davis
"I'm interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything." - David Hockney
"This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me." - Rodney Dangerfield
"It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business." - Theodore Parker
"I compare it to being in a car accident. There's so much adrenaline rushing through you that you remember being in the accident but you don't remember any of the details." - Brooke Langton
"A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body." - Margaret Fuller
"What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books." - Christopher Isherwood
"People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art." - Mason Cooley
"The chief reason for going to school is to get the impression fixed for life that there is a book side for everything." - Robert Frost
"My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth." - Abraham Lincoln
"There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility." - Abu Bakr
"Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account." - Anne Wilson Schaef
"If your goal is to be the biggest movie star in the world, a 10-movie contract is gold. It was never my goal. Up until now, I made movies - and I have a nice house, a nice car. I'm fortunate, happy and grateful. Life is good." - Chris Evans
"If you don't like my movies, don't watch them." - Dario Argento
"Anybody with a sense of humor is going to put on my album and laugh from beginning to end." - Eminem
"Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car." - Sophie Ellis-Bextor
"So I think democracy, in the long-term, in our countries will survive if it comes to be associated with leadership, will not survive if democracy plus media brings to us more and more followship rather than leadership." - Mario Monti
"I love street style, seeing how girls wear pieces and how their pair accessories with their outfit. How they pair shoes with a bag and go to day to night and change things up." - Maria Sharapova
"When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich." - Honore de Balzac
"Healing rain is a real touch from God. It could be physical healing or emotional or whatever." - Michael W. Smith
"You always pass failure on your way to success." - Mickey Rooney
"A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning." - Brad Henry
"If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim." - Robert Kennedy
"Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities." - Charles Bukowski
"God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well." - Voltaire
"Let us keep the dance of rain our fathers kept and tread our dreams beneath the jungle sky." - Arna Bontemps
"We cannot continue. Our pension costs and health care costs for our employees are going to bankrupt this city." - Michael Bloomberg
"I refuse to be molded into some stereotypical ballplayer that has no interests, really, no life, no depth, no intelligence." - Barry Zito
"An Edwardian lady in full dress was a wonder to behold, and her preparations for viewing were awesome." - William Manchester
"I was the Chair of the first department of medical physics in a medical school in the U.S." - John Cameron
"A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it, A song's not a song 'til you sing it, Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'til you give it away!" - Oscar Hammerstein II
"Statutes authorizing unreasonable searches were the core concern of the framers of the 4th Amendment." - Sandra Day O'Connor
"Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones." - Benjamin Franklin
"Kindness and intelligence don't always deliver us from the pitfalls and traps: there are always failures of love, of will, of imagination. There is no way to take the danger out of human relationships." - Barbara Grizzuti Harrison
"Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude." - Dale Carnegie
"I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me." - Stacy Keibler
"We are a very crafty family." - Tori Spelling
"The 'Robben Island Bible' has arrived at the British Museum. It's a garish thing, its cover plastered with pink and gold Hindu images, designed to hide its contents. Within is the finest collection of words generated by human intelligence: the complete works of William Shakespeare." - Daniel Hannan
"I think that focusing on the money, on the business, is not enough." - Sergei Bubka
"As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven." - Douglas Horton
"I don't mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters." - Daniel Cudmore
"To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works." - Ai Weiwei
"You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life." - Barack Obama
"For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm." - Edwin Way Teale
"The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life." - Henry Ford
"We may not only find faith in God in our sorrow. We may also become faithful to Him in times of calm." - Thomas S. Monson
"Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose." - John Stossel
"I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death." - Robert Fulghum
"You get so afraid of failure and so afraid of losing and so afraid of not being the best that it's not a natural drive - it's born out of fear of failure. Which helps in Hollywood." - Gabrielle Union
"A leader is a dealer in hope." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face." - Billy Graham
"I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids." - Steve Zahn
"All my band members were old enough to be my dad. It was like this family vibe." - Hunter Hayes
"But the building's identity resided in the ornament." - Louis Sullivan
"Land and sea, weakness and decline are great separators, but death is the great divorcer for ever." - John Keats
"I've often said that the most important thing you can give your children is wings. Because, you're not gonna always be able to bring food to the nest. You're... sometimes... they're gonna have to be able to fly by themselves." - Elizabeth Edwards
"I think when someone is injured in your family, you want to speak to the individual and you want to hear their voice and you want to make sure they are OK." - Roger Goodell
"Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable." - Ambrose Bierce
"Forty-five States, as the gentleman just said, have determined by people that were elected by the people of that State that marriage is the definition of one man and one woman." - Randy Neugebauer
"All men by nature desire knowledge." - Aristotle
"I think that anybody that stays in school, gets good grades, pays the price, I think we are wealthy enough in the public and the private sector in America to make sure that every child in America that wants to continue their education, they should be able to do that." - J. C. Watts
"Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance." - Robert Quillen
"In my family, we let our boys have a say in what veggie side they want for dinner that night. We list off a handful of options and get them excited about helping to plan the dinner menu. They're much more inclined to finish their plates when they've helped decide what goes on them." - Cat Cora
"I support concrete and progressive immigration reform based on three primary criteria: family reunification, economic contributions, and humanitarian concerns." - Jeff Bingaman
"Our faith comes in moments our vice is habitual." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I love meeting famous people. I'm even happy just looking at them." - Joey McIntyre
"Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people, knock yourselves out!" - Ben Affleck
"The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it." - Stephen Hawking
"I already have legitimacy as a filmmaker and now I'm trying to do stuff that's just fun. Until I find a cool tangible subject again that I want to tackle." - John Singleton
"I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning." - Benjamin Franklin
"Las Vegas is a very strange place. It's a place of broken dreams." - Concha Buika
"As long as you live, keep learning how to live." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Look at Jessica Simpson. She's famous for being dumb. I guess it started with Marylyn Monroe, and she actually wasn't that dumb, but that's how she was perceived - and that's what got popular." - Danica McKellar
"In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later." - Harold S. Geneen
"Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness." - George Orwell
"Much learning does not teach understanding." - Heraclitus
"The art of living well and the art of dying well are one." - Epicurus
"You are forever alone." - John Buchanan Robinson
"When I'm in town on Sundays, I sometimes go down to the Central Bar in the East Village to watch English football. But my natural inclination now is to get in the car with my wife and kids and get out of town." - Joe Scarborough
"Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!" - Mary-Kate Olsen
"My dad was Jewish. My mom is not. So I was not raised anything." - Matt Lauer
"As much as I transferred my mother to Elizabeth Shore of The Black Dahlia, as much as her dad mutated into an obsession with crime in general, well, I have thought about other things throughout the years." - James Ellroy
"Government stimulates the democrat party." - Rush Limbaugh
"The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on." - Warren Buffett
"I never read. The paper or anything. I watch a lot of movies, and TV series and stuff. But I never, never read." - Andy Murray
"I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity." - Camille Paglia
"A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment." - Greta Scacchi
"You can be a thousand different women. It's your choice which one you want to be. It's about freedom and sovereignty. You celebrate who you are. You say, 'This is my kingdom.'" - Salma Hayek
"Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo." - George Bernard Shaw
"Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history." - Robert Anton Wilson
"All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They." - Rudyard Kipling
"I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor." - Joan Rivers
"Since when has the world of computer software design been about what people want? This is a simple question of evolution. The day is quickly coming when every knee will bow down to a silicon fist, and you will all beg your binary gods for mercy." - Bill Gates
"The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in." - Lauryn Hill
"I'm still learning, and that's what life is about." - Cary Elwes
"The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Engineering undergraduates should not be charged fees. They should receive grants, not student loans, and the government will get the money back long-term from increased exports." - James Dyson
"In bed my real love has always been the sleep that rescued me by allowing me to dream." - Pinrandello, Luigi
"Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone." - Abu Bakar Bashir
"Every educated person is a future enemy." - Martin Bormann
"Everyone at home is so supportive. People recognise me, say how proud they are of me. It's awesome to hear, it's amazing to know I can touch so many people in a positive way." - Kirsty Coventry
"Every morning I wake up with new ideas." - Caroll Shelby
"What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"There are no ideas in the Republican Party right now in the Congress. They're the party of no. They desperately need some intellectual leadership. And whatever you think of Newt Gingrich, he can supply intellectual leadership. So I hope he does run." - Howard Dean
"We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"But I'm so slow on it because I find it terribly hard writing blind on computers. The computer speaks to me, but it's just so slow, I'm so terribly slow using it." - Jack Vance
"History is malleable. A new cache of diaries can shed new light, and archeological evidence can challenge our popular assumptions." - Ken Burns
"I love my mom and dad." - Taylor Momsen
"Jealousy is not at all low, but it catches us humbled and bowed down, at first sight." - Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
"Nobody really believes in equality anyway." - Warren Farrell
"I view life as a learning experience. It is not so much all about music it is about what happens when you are doing the music." - Michael Schenker
"Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear." - William Shakespeare
"In the US, there is basically one party - the business party. It has two factions, called Democrats and Republicans, which are somewhat different but carry out variations on the same policies. By and large, I am opposed to those policies. As is most of the population." - Noam Chomsky
"I try and reduce myself to an almost blank slate and hope to God that I am creative." - Ben Kingsley
"Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without." - Henry David Thoreau
"You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy." - Portia de Rossi
"Common sense is the measure of the possible it is composed of experience and prevision it is calculation applied to life." - Henri Frederic Amiel
"But if you're asking my opinion, I would argue that a social justice approach should be central to medicine and utilized to be central to public health. This could be very simple: the well should take care of the sick." - Paul Farmer
"In the end I didn't get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality." - Jacky Ickx
"To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life." - Simone Weil
"O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"Before Nelson Mandela was arrested in 1962, he was an angry, relatively young man. He founded the ANC's military wing. When he was released, he surprised everyone because he was talking about reconciliation and forgiveness and not about revenge." - Desmond Tutu
"I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark." - Selma Blair
"As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be." - Julie Burchill
"I was never considered cool throughout my teens: a very important time to be accepted by someone, especially your peers. Yes, I had all the screaming women, but the guys hated my guts." - Donny Osmond
"I think it's hard, the fact that there's a certain age that we can't have kids anymore." - Courteney Cox
"A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up." - Neil Gaiman
"All of us gave it all we've got, overcame a whole lot just being on the show and learned a lot about ourselves. We're just normal people trying to do what we love and follow our dreams." - Carrie Underwood
"I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life." - Steve Jobs
"I thought, you know the food and the diet thing is one way to start yourself onto a healthy lifestyle, but if you don't move, if you don't start exercising you're gonna deteriorate." - Warren Cuccurullo
"Be sweet, be good, and honest always." - Emma Bunton
"Love between man and man is impossible because there must not be sexual intercourse and friendship between man and woman is impossible because there must be sexual intercourse." - James Joyce
"If God can work through me, he can work through anyone." - Francis of Assisi
"It's cool to be recognised by your peers." - Frank Ocean
"The town, the team, it's a family. That has helped. For some people who have had to deal with some of the problems I have had to deal with don't have football as an out." - Brett Favre
"We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond." - Zack Wamp
"In the tumult of men and events, solitude was my temptation now it is my friend. What other satisfaction can be sought once you have confronted History?" - Charles de Gaulle
"The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time." - Thomas Jefferson
"My office walls are covered with autographs of famous writers - it's what my children call my 'dead author wall.' I have signatures from Mark Twain, Earnest Hemingway, Jack London, Harriett Beecher Stowe, Pearl Buck, Charles Dickens, Rudyard Kipling, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, to name a few." - Debbie Macomber
"I love those who yearn for the impossible." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad." - James Madison
"Knowing how to die is knowing how to live. What is death anyway? It's the outcome of life." - Jeanne Moreau
"We ought to be providing protective sanctuaries for the Kurdish rebels. That means finding some places where they can come and to which we will then be able to provide food and water and medical help." - Les Aspin
"I used to think no one should go into show biz, but now I feel differently. I now feel like it's a great career. If you can do it and make money at it and still not be so famous that you can have a normal life - then I think it's a great career." - Julia Sweeney
"When you get to play a character that's in love, it's cool." - Josh Hutcherson
"The only thing we never get enough of is love and the only thing we never give enough of is love." - Henry Miller
"Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better." - Hooker, Richard
"All interest in disease and death is only another expression of interest in life." - Thomas Mann
"Unlike curing cancer or heart disease, we already know how to beat hunger: food." - Mario Batali
"Worldly wealth is the Devil's bait and those whose minds feed upon riches recede, in general, from real happiness, in proportion as their stores increase, as the moon, when she is fullest, is farthest from the sun." - Robert Burton
"Well, there are two kinds of happiness, grounded and ungrounded. Ungrounded happiness is cheesy and not based on reality. Grounded happiness is informed happiness based on the knowledge that the world sometimes sucks, but even then you have to believe in yourself." - Andy Grammer
"The enemy fought with savage fury, and met death with all its horrors, without shrinking or complaining: not one asked to be spared, but fought as long as they could stand or sit." - Davy Crockett
"It takes great wit and interest and energy to be happy. The pursuit of happiness is a great activity. One must be open and alive. It is the greatest feat man has to accomplish." - Robert Herrick
"Immortals' is all action. I love action movies. That's really where I want to spearhead my career.;Kellan Lutz;movies
49780;Even though I make those movies, I find myself wishing that more of those magic moments could happen in real life.;Jane Seymour;movies
49781;I really love the independent movies and I just think that sometimes when they throw a lot of money into it and a lot of special effects and a lot of stunts that you lose the connection, the human connection and I personally love movies that are about the human connection.;Jane Seymour;movies
49782;You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49783;The movies that made me want to make movies were action movies, and thrillers, and Kurosawa films, you know, where you have an opportunity every day to shoot it in an unusual way. I was looking for something like that.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49784;The kind of pace that you want to use in a Western - just to acknowledge the land in the distance that everyone has to travel, and the way things develop sort of slowly - it's almost the antithetical of what's currently going on in the movies, you know.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49785;I really liked Carrie a lot. That was one of Brian De Palma's best movies.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49786;I mean, the trouble with some of the kind of relationship movies I've done, is there's only so many ways you can shoot a conversation. I was really tired of talking heads.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49787;I loved Alien, and I loved Carrie, and I loved The Exorcist - those were big movies for me. They were just brilliantly done, and unusual, and they all took horror to some new place.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49788;I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49789;I didn't really want to do another sequel. I go to those movies, and I just sort of enjoy them like a viewer.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
49790;For me, relationships are the real action movies. Bombs are exploding every day and the kitchen is Ground Zero.;Michelle Williams;movies
49791;I mean, look, I love movies, not just the ones I make... In fact, I don't like the movies I make very much.;Alexander Payne;movies
49792;Each one of my movies becomes easier to get off the ground.;Alexander Payne;movies
49793;The novel succeeds on terms exclusive to literature. A good film succeeds on terms exclusive to the cinema. That's why so many bad novels can become good movies, like 'Jaws' or 'The Godfather." - Alexander Payne
"Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics." - Ann Richards
"Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didn't know anything." - Chuck Palahniuk
"Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue." - Buddha
"I tried to stir the imagination and enthusiasms of students to take risks, to do what they were most afraid of doing, to widen their horizons of action." - James Broughton
"When we go to the Bible we should keep in mind that the basic principles of the Bible are taught by God, but written down by human beings deprived of modern day knowledge. So there is some fallibility in the writings of the Bible. But the basic principles are applicable to my life and I don't find any conflict among them." - Jimmy Carter
"And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that." - Lord Acton
"We've demonstrated a strong track record of being very disciplined with the use of our cash. We don't let it burn a hole in our pocket, we don't allow it to motivate us to do stupid acquisitions. And so I think that we'd like to continue to keep our powder dry, because we do feel that there are one or more strategic opportunities in the future." - Steve Jobs
"Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued." - Jean Rostand
"In my mind, as long as I did what was right for me, I was cool. But that's not the way it works. You have to think about other people and take their feelings into account." - Joe Nichols
"Appetite, craving for food, is a constant and powerful stimulator of the gastric glands." - Ivan Pavlov
"The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time." - Johann Kaspar Lavater
"Well, I affirm orthodox Christian faith. I affirm the Nicene Creed. I don't think I'm doing anything terribly new." - Rob Bell
"I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business." - Caroline Wozniacki
"While there's life, there's hope." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy." - Deepak Chopra
"You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired." - Sergey Brin
"I think there have always been funny women, from Carol Burnett to Joan Rivers. When the audience sees a woman, they innately know she's worked twice as hard to get there, she's had to prove that she can be the leader, first, and then be funny on top of it. She has to emit a confidence that she's in control." - Wendy Liebman
"I don't talk about who I'm dating because when you break up, you wind up reliving it in the media." - Bridget Fonda
"The doctors x-rayed my head and found nothing." - Dizzy Dean
"Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality." - Judy Garland
"As the body dieth when the soul departeth, so the soul of man dieth, when it hath not the knowledge of God." - John Jewel
"Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease." - R. Buckminster Fuller
"I think feminism's a bit misinterpreted. It was about casting off all gender roles. There's nothing wrong with a man holding a door open for a girl. But we sort of threw away all the rules, so everybody's confused. And dating becomes a sloppy, uncomfortable, unpleasant thing." - Zosia Mamet
"I'm not a party animal I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though I'm a beauty queen, you're also an unofficial ambassador, and there's a lot of pressure." - Rima Fakih
"See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college." - Michelle Obama
"I thought, after the Pulitzer, at least nothing will surprise me quite that much in my life. And another one happened. It was quite amazing." - Rita Dove
"No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them." - Desmond Morris
"I think it can be hard for any man to sometimes be upstaged by his wife. So when I'm home, I work very hard to be Todd's wife and Jade's mother. I have no problem going back to those traditional roles. I try to be Giada, the young girl that he met 20 years ago and fell in love with." - Giada De Laurentiis
"There was my name up in lights. I said, 'God, somebody's made a mistake.' But there it was, in lights. And I sat there and said, 'Remember, you're not a star.' Yet there it was up in lights." - Marilyn Monroe
"My dad has been married to his wife for 15 years and wherever he goes there better be a seat for her. I like real couples that tell you how to get through on Wednesdays when you're just at the end of your rope - the ones who really know how to make it through. We have to stop looking at Hollywood couples because you're going to get disappointed." - Sherri Shepherd
"If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work." - Jacques Yves Cousteau
"But whatever my failure, I have this thing to remember - that I was a pioneer in my profession, just as my grandfathers were in theirs, in that I was the first man in this section to earn his living as a writer." - Robert E. Howard
"I love vintage shopping, I think it's really fun. And I love the feeling of finding the most amazing piece for less." - Emma Roberts
"I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world." - Michelle Obama
"If a building looks better under construction than it does when finished, then it's a failure." - Doug Coupland
"I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me." - Gina Carano
"Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight." - Dale Murphy
"There are certain times I don't want my picture taken. If my wife's stepping out of a car and it looks like it's going to come out an indecent picture, don't I have a right to object?" - Bobby Darin
"To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!" - Hugh Jackman
"Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on." - Robert Frost
"Reason is the natural order of truth but imagination is the organ of meaning." - C. S. Lewis
"Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer." - Emma Roberts
"Life is never easy for those who dream." - Robert James Waller
"We live under a government of men and morning newspapers." - Wendell Phillips
"Faith is the first step to understanding. Either it's the Word of an infallible God, the fallible words of men, or faith in what you personally believe. You've got to have faith in something. Believe me." - Ray Comfort
"You know what the fastest growing religion in America is? Statism. The growing reliance on government." - Marco Rubio
"Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum." - P. J. O'Rourke
"Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"I was class mom at the preschool one year and I was pretty much asked not to do that again!" - Julie Bowen
"The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination." - Rosalyn S. Yalow
"Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony." - Thomas Merton
"It is my belief that we all have the need to feel special. It is this need that can bring out the best in us, yet the worst in us." - Janet Jackson
"It's funny, the hardest thing to do is to make something look like it's fast, loose and improvised, and get somebody to laugh." - Abel Ferrara
"The roundness of life's design may be a sign that there is a presence beyond ourselves." - Wally Lamb
"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age." - Robert Frost
"The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated." - Charles Baudelaire
"And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset." - Pat Robertson
"At Current, television is all we do - that's our business. We don't have amusement parks I have to worry about, we don't have environmental cases against us, we don't have a series of outdoor-advertising companies." - Keith Olbermann
"In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life." - Chrissie Hynde
"Bravery has no place where it can avail nothing. " - Johnson, Samuel
"Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation." - Plato
"God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart." - Edna St. Vincent Millay
"I want to see far more decisions taken far closer to the patients, the passengers and the pupils. Far more power for locally and regionally elected politicians who understand best the needs of their areas. And far more say too for the dedicated staff at all levels in health and education." - Charles Kennedy
"On the Continent people have good food in England people have good table manners." - George Mikes
"We created the Cabinet Committee on the Environment to review the environmental implications of all government initiatives. I think what made us successful was the fact that it was a sustained approach. We did something new every year." - Brian Mulroney
"I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government." - Edward Norton
"When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years." - Denis Diderot
"If we have a chance of succeeding and bringing stability and democracy to Iraq, it will mean learning from our mistakes, not denying them and not ignoring them." - Carl Levin
"Great music is its own movie, already. And the challenge, as a music fan, is to keep the song as powerful as it wants to be, to not tamper with it and to somehow give it a home." - Cameron Crowe
"Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear." - Jonathan Sacks
"In the practical world of computing, it is rather uncommon that a program, once it performs correctly and satisfactorily, remains unchanged forever." - Niklaus Wirth
"The price of a work of art has nothing to do with what the work of art is, can do, or is worth on an existential, alchemical level." - Jerry Saltz
"The number one mistake is giving pets table scraps. I made the mistake thinking I was showing my dog love by giving her food and treats. You see a tiny 4 oz. piece of cheese, but for a Boston Terrier like mine, that's like one and a half hamburgers. That's unhealthy." - Alison Sweeney
"I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more." - Edward Norton
"All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side." - Marguerite Young
"I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility." - John Ruskin
"Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." - Denis Waitley
"It's amazing how people will give when you don'"" - Beth Ditto
"I couldn't wait to look at someone who shared my genes. I thought my baby was going to provide a decoder key to my past. But then I looked at Pippa and realized, no, she's actually the key to my future." - Emily Procter
"It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it." - Cromwell, Oliver
"Being famous as a writer is like being famous in a village. It's not really any very heady fame." - Peter Carey
"When I turned 30, due to my father's heart history and my family genetics, I vowed to start seeing a cardiologist every year and just really be proactive and take my own heart health into my own hands." - Jennie Garth
"More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance." - Simon Mainwaring
"Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it." - Timothy Dalton
"I was up watching Meet Joe Black at four AM. I was hoping Brad Pitt would die, and he was still alive at seven forty in the morning! I actually felt sorry for once, for critics." - Rose McGowan
"If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life." - Henry David Thoreau
"Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?" - Emile M. Cioran
"Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself." - Delia Smith
"The thrill of coming home has never changed." - Guy Pearce
"Failure and things of this sort - you can take it one of two ways. You can either let that hurt you and really affect the way that you live your life in the future, or you can use that as an opportunity for growth." - Matt Emmons
"Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it." - W. Somerset Maugham
"I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when he's in his car? I hate that." - Susan Orlean
"Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us." - Gloria Steinem
"If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth." - Logan P. Smith
"It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people." - Giordano Bruno
"Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone." - John Maynard Keynes
"Without true medical liability reform, our doctors will continue to leave, and young doctors coming out of medical school $100,000 to $200,000 in debt will not be able to afford such onerous costs." - Jim Gerlach
"Freedom to differ is not limited to things that do not matter mush. That would be a mere shadow of freedom. The test of its substance is the right to differ as to things that touch the heart of the existing order." - Robert Jackson
"When we can find some humor in our upsets, they no longer seem as large or as important as they once did." - Allen Klein
"Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Cynicism is kind of like folding your arms and stepping back and commenting on things, like the old guys in 'The Muppets,' just throwing out comments all the time, whereas there are other people on the ground really trying to affect things and improve their lives and the lives of other people. I think it's noble and I think it's cool." - Josh Radnor
"Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone." - Alicia Witt
"This is the hardest of all: to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You reach a point where you don't work for money." - Walt Disney
"I'm happily single." - Paula Abdul
"I was thinking that we all learn by experience, but some of us have to go to summer school." - Peter De Vries
"Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"The truth is I had lots of rehab and now I have a clean bill of health." - Samantha Morton
"No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius." - Anna Pavlova
"In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future." - Stendhal
"To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men." - Edmund Burke
"Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship and pass the rosy wine." - Charles Dickens
"Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet." - Victor Hugo
"I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for." - Georgia O'Keeffe
"Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war." - Donald Berwick
"A marriage contract to me is as binding as any in business, and I have always believed in sticking to an agreement." - Paul Getty
"Some people are willing to betray years of friendship just to get a little bit of the spotlight." - Lauren Conrad
"A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician." - Emma Bonino
"Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind." - Henry David Thoreau
"My goal is people associate November with COPD awareness month as much as they notice October with breast cancer and pink. That'd be a great thing if it happened. The fact that COPD kills more people than breast cancer and diabetes put together should raise some red flags." - Danica Patrick
"My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. You've got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. It's the only way to find the cool stuff." - Lily Collins
"The only way to get gay issues off the front pages of Canadian newspapers is to grant gay and lesbian people our full civil equality and leave it alone." - Dan Savage
"Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people." - Richard Armour
"What good am I? I can't have kids. I can't cook. I've been divorced three times. Who would want me?" - Marilyn Monroe
"For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right." - Alexander Pope
"Five thousand people every day lose their home because of a medical bankruptcy. Most of them had insurance." - Debbie Stabenow
"Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm." - Augustine Birrell
"If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life." - Oscar Wilde
"Ken Lay has, does and will continue to accept responsibility for the fall of Enron. He was the man at the controls. But failure is not a crime." - Michael Ramsey
"Losing my mom at such a young age had a profound effect on my life." - Molly Shannon
"The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye." - Jimi Hendrix
"Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives." - Martha Gellhorn
"One of the things that is not so good is that a decision was made long ago about the size of an IP address - 32 bits. At the time it was a number much larger than anyone could imagine ever having that many computers but it turned out to be to small." - Jon Postel
"People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them." - Judith Jamison
"But the reason I became, why I wanted to be in the business was because there was Midnight Cowboy." - Jodie Foster
"The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible." - David Ogilvy
"The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do." - Benjamin Disraeli
"I don't believe in being mean to anyone. I'm a really peaceful person. That's something I get from my family." - Nick Carter
"The world of learning is so broad, and the human soul is so limited in power!" - Maria Mitchell
"The morning after my high-school graduation found me up early job hunting. The dream of college I put on the back burner." - Martha Reeves
"To abandon oneself to principles is really to die - and to die for an impossible love which is the contrary of love." - Albert Camus
"I rate Morrissey as one of the best lyricists in Britain. For me, he's up there with Bryan Ferry." - David Bowie
"You're right on the money with that. We're all like detectives in life. There's something at the end of the trail that we're all looking for." - David Lynch
"There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible." - Samuel Johnson
"The successful people are the ones who can think up things for the rest of the world to keep busy at." - Marquis, Don
"A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
"I knew that there were several, among African-American leaders, who had been put out by me because of my failure or reluctance to endorse Sen. Kerry." - Rodney Alexander
"Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice." - Lillian Hellman
"My teachers helped guide and motivate me but the responsibility of learning was left with me, an approach to learning which was later reinforced by my experiences at Amherst." - Joseph Stiglitz
"I'll confess right here that I secretly wish I'd have drawn a strip about a little boy with a fake tiger, going for adventures throughout the universe in spaceships of his imagination." - Berkeley Breathed
"Never seem wiser, nor more learned, than the people you are with. Wear your learning, like your watch, in a private pocket: and do not merely pull it out and strike it merely to show that you have one." - Lord Chesterfield
"I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art." - Richard Rogers
"Whenever a youth is ascertained to possess talents meriting an education which his parents cannot afford, he should be carried forward at the public expense." - James Madison
"We have no firm hold on any knowledge or philosophy that can lift us out of our difficulties." - Anne Sullivan Macy
"So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened." - Ted Nelson
"Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care." - Dave Obey
"Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships." - Barbara Bush
"How very little can be done under the spirit of fear." - Florence Nightingale
"I find intelligence sexy. I find a sense of humor sexy. I find sensitivity sexy." - Nicole Appleton
"I'd be happy to be taken as a woman - and that's what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasn't going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought I'd change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear." - Eddie Izzard
"I am in love - and, my God, it is the greatest thing that can happen to a man. I tell you, find a woman you can fall in love with. Do it. Let yourself fall in love. If you have not done so already, you are wasting your life." - David Herbert Lawrence
"It is better to go skiing and think of God, than go to church and think of sport." - Fridtjof Nansen
"But let us remember, at the same time, government is sacred, and not to be trifled with." - Jonathan Mayhew
"People criticized me for my photography. They said it's not art." - David Hockney
"The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious." - Spengler, Oswald
"Down the road, I'll probably have a kid or two or three. And there will probably be political events or spiritual things to comment on, and humor." - Alanis Morissette
"You cannot mistake Bush's clarity of purpose. He believes in a story about freedom and opportunity that makes his followers feel like they aren't just ticking their days down but are part of something larger than themselves." - Eric Liu
"From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me." - Eliot Spitzer
"The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul." - Emma Goldman
"I think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information." - Irvine Welsh
"I have a great advantage over many of my colleagues inasmuch as my students bring with them to class their own personal knowledge of national, regional, religious, ethnic, occupational, and family folklore traditions." - Alan Dundes
"The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him." - Socrates
"My biggest project right now is trying to be a really great mom and learning how to balance family and career. I'm just trying to spend as much time with my family as I can." - Idina Menzel
"Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous." - Coco Chanel
"I believe in the compelling power of love. I do not understand it. I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence." - Theodore Dreiser
"In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose." - J. Robert Oppenheimer
"I have total recall. I remember being born. I remember being in the womb, I remember being inside. Coming out was great." - Ray Bradbury
"Early on the next morning we reached Kansas, about five hundred miles from the mouth of the Missouri." - Francis Parkman
"I do not say anything from jealousy." - Anna Held
"I was famous overnight. I went from nowhere to being really big." - Sting
"Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before." - Herodotus
"I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form." - Wesley Snipes
"For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
"Meth is too easy to make, and unfortunately right now all the ingredients need to make this highly addictive drug are legal and readily available to those who want to cook it up and sell it to our children." - Michael McCaul
"Many people when they fall in love look for a little haven of refuge from the world, where they can be sure of being admired when they are not admirable, and praised when they are not praiseworthy." - Russell, Bertrand
"I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is." - Michael J. Fox
"I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them." - Matthew Barney
"I was training more learning how to scuba dive which I'd never done which was really, really, really cool." - Ashley Scott
"No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family." - J. Edgar Hoover
"I don't get a chance to be home much." - Jennifer Hudson
"Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant." - Tony Robbins
"I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing." - Katherine Mansfield
"We live under a government of men and morning newspapers." - Wendell Phillips
"My trade and art is to live." - Michel de Montaigne
"He is very dry but also very funny... I think people tend to feel odd when I do my act. Unless you are an ironic person, it's not a good place for you to be." - Colin Quinn
"Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy." - Liv Tyler
"Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too." - Joan Rivers
"But the wicked passions of men's hearts alone seem strong enough to leave pictures that persist the good are ever too luke-warm." - Algernon H. Blackwood
"Someone once told me that something they really liked about me was that they thought that I was really down to earth and not high-maintenance. I think that was cool. It's important to stay grounded." - Victoria Justice
"Education is a precondition to survival in America today." - Marian Wright Edelman
"The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act." - Barbara Sher
"Because of my medical and ideological training, I am accustomed to saying that life is adaptation and symbiosis." - Tabare Vazquez
"I'm really anti-option, so computers have been my nightmare with recording. I don't want endless tracks I want less tracks. I want decisions to be made." - Ian MacKaye
"So long as these kinds of inequalities persist, all of us who are given expensive educations have to live with the knowledge that our victories are contaminated because the game has been rigged to our advantage." - Jonathan Kozol
"I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people." - Bryan Clay
"Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret." - Robert E. Lee
"I believe in traditional marriage." - Karl Rove
"Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company." - Booker T. Washington
"There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God." - Bill Cosby
"The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth." - Steve Wynn
"Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties." - Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont
"I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life." - Miles Davis
"Few enterprises of great labor or hazard would be undertaken if we had not the power of magnifying the advantages we expect from them." - Samuel Johnson
"They don't like thinking in medical school. They memorize - that's all they want you to do. You must not think." - John Backus
"Now an infinite happiness cannot be purchased by any price less than that which is infinite in value and infinity of merit can only result from a nature that is infinitely divine or perfect." - Adam Clarke
"I'm the man that made wrestling famous." - Hulk Hogan
"The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one." - William James
"Exuberance is beauty." - Blake, William
"It's so important for those living with chronic pain to establish good communication with both their healthcare professionals and caregivers. Clear communication about pain is vital to receiving proper diagnosis and effective treatment." - Naomi Judd
"Whoever is content with the world, and who profits from its lack of justice, does not want to change it." - Friedrich Durrenmatt
"A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die." - Les Brown
"Come out' is so funny to me because I've never been in.;Adam Lambert;funny
26101;The word 'funny' is a bit like the word 'love' - we don't have enough words to describe the many varieties.;George Saunders;funny
26102;A romantic comedy has to be funny and make you think about life but the obstacle that has to be overcome is key.;Jennifer Lopez;funny
26103;There's something dangerous about what's funny. Jarring and disconcerting. There is a connection between funny and scary.;Christopher Walken;funny
26104;Some people can do things and get away with it. Comics are famously like that. Why is it that some guys can say the most horrible things and it's not offensive, it's funny?;Christopher Walken;funny
26105;I always like to watch comics and it's interesting that you can tell if someone's funny in 10 seconds.;Christopher Walken;funny
26106;I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.;Jenny McCarthy;funny
26107;Comedy's so subjective, and if someone comes to watch, doesn't get it, doesn't find it funny, then fine.;Johnny Vegas;funny
26108;The funny thing is people won't let me pay for things. I'll be in a restaurant and the manager will say, 'Oh no, it's on the house." - Richard Branson
"Marriage is important to me and I love the idea of being married." - Nicole Appleton
"Being brave isn't the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it." - Bear Grylls
"He's nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of one's nastiness does not make one nice." - Michael Kinsley
"Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed." - Storm Jameson
"I once sang 'Summer Nights,' from 'Grease,' at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, who's a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy." - Hugh Jackman
"I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy." - Mason Cooley
"Same-sex marriage is not the future." - Maggie Gallagher
"Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan." - Jane D. Hull
"I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess." - Ani DiFranco
"One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you don't think there will be change, whether you want it to or not." - Julius Erving
"I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art." - Khalil Gibran
"I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves." - Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
"An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger." - Confucius
"Depression is when you have lots of love, but no one's taking." - Doug Coupland
"One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream." - Don Marquis
"You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times." - Carly Fiorina
"What I've learned from different designers is that it's key to be true to who you are and your vision. That's always been my line of thinking. Working through the whole design process, I don't want to create something I wouldn't be proud to wear." - Kellan Lutz
"Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors." - Confucius
"For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men." - Isabel Allende
"That's free enterprise, friends: freedom to gamble, freedom to lose. And the great thing - the truly democratic thing about it - is that you don't even have to be a player to lose." - Barbara Ehrenreich
"Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning." - Bill Gates
"We shape our buildings thereafter they shape us." - Winston Churchill
"Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things." - Jean Baudrillard
"It wasn't always easy getting up at 5 o'clock in the morning to go to the rink. Sometimes I wanted to just go back to sleep." - Nancy Kerrigan
"To make the most of your money, I recommend sticking with mutual funds that don't charge a commission when you buy or sell." - Suze Orman
"For me, the peculiar qualities of faith are a logical outcome of this level of biological organization." - E. O. Wilson
"The mere thought of divorce terrified me. To me, divorce symbolized failure." - Annette Funicello
"I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that." - Lauren Bacall
"The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions." - Sarah Bernhardt
"I have more awareness of other people and, I hope, more sensitivity to their needs. I also find that I'm more direct and outspoken." - Christopher Reeve
"Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad." - Max Cannon
"Friendship and money: oil and water." - Mario Puzo
"How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination." - Nellie Bly
"I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now." - Mike Krzyzewski
"Failure too is a form of death." - Graham Greene
"One of the best things to come out of the home computer revolution could be the general and widespread understanding of how severely limited logic really is." - Frank Herbert
"When a scientist is ahead of his times, it is often through misunderstanding of current, rather than intuition of future truth. In science there is never any error so gross that it won't one day, from some perspective, appear prophetic." - Jean Rostand
"Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination." - George Henry Lewes
"Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings." - Henry David Thoreau
"The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons." - Charles Dickens
"Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few." - George Jean Nathan
"Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves." - Herbert Hoover
"A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night." - Marilyn vos Savant
"Being in America isn't old-hat - it's where we're from - but I get excited to be in other parts of the world like Athens and Croatia, which were quite cool. I'm a sightseer. I go see the sights and museums. I'm into that kind of thing." - Richie Sambora
"Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age." - Ernest Hemingway
"I am not afraid of dying. I have lived longer than most people in the world. What scares me is to have a body that works but a brain that is waving goodbye. If that happens, I hope I die quickly." - Henning Mankell
"And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet." - Julie Bishop
"Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind." - Neil Armstrong
"Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born." - Deepak Chopra
"A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation." - Thomas Francis Meagher
"London is completely unpredictable when it comes to weather. You'll start a scene, and it's a beautiful morning. You get there at 6 in the morning, set up, you start the scene, start shooting. Three hours later, it is pitch black and rainy." - David Schwimmer
"If you can't pay for a thing, don't buy it. If you can't get paid for it, don't sell it. Do this, and you will have calm and drowsy nights, with all of the good business you have now and none of the bad. If you have time, don't wait for time." - Ernst Fischer
"But I do not believe that the world would be entirely different if there were more women leaders. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me." - Madeleine Albright
"Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult." - Sarah McLachlan
"A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty." - William C. Bryant
"Marriage is hard work, period." - Kyle Chandler
"I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best." - Walt Whitman
"We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change." - Katharine Hepburn
"And we are never too old to study the Bible. Each time the lessons are studied comes some new meaning, some new thought which will make us better." - John D. Rockefeller
"Imagination is the highest kite one can fly." - Lauren Bacall
"It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants." - Blaise Pascal
"God will forgive me. It's his job." - Heinrich Heine
"You never know what the future brings." - Randy Jackson
"I can do whatever I want - I'm rich, I'm famous, and I'm bigger than you." - Don Johnson
"I won't compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way." - Lewis Thomas
"The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leaders and followers... Leaders, followers and goals make up the three equally necessary supports for leadership." - Gary Wills
"Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination." - Christina Ricci
"When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential." - Christine Gregoire
"A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business." - Jack Kevorkian
"I don't know what the secret to longevity as an actress is. It's more than talent and beauty. Maybe it's the audience seeing itself in you." - Joan Blondell
"Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves." - Charlotte Bronte
"I don't get angry very often. I lose my temper rarely. And when I do, there's always a legitimate cause. Normally I have a great lightness of being. I take things in a very happy, amused way." - Julia Roberts
"Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation." - Walt Disney
"I would like to mention that I have flown the 262 first in May '43. At this time, the aircraft was completely secret. I first knew of the existence of this aircraft only early in '42 - even in my position. This aircraft didn't have any priority in design or production." - Adolf Galland
"The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love." - Walter Savage Landor
"The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together." - Barbara de Angelis
"What is art but a way of seeing?" - Saul Bellow
"I met a lot of young girls modelling and they were like, 'Oh, I'm running around town and people are taking my picture', while I was saving receipts and learning how to be self-employed." - Christina Hendricks
"Our work is before us. It cannot be passed to future legislatures and must not be passed to future generations. May we boldly seize the moment with singular unity. And may we build a Texas of unlimited possibility." - Rick Perry
"Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier." - H. L. Mencken
"I was born in 1962. True. And the room next to me was 1963." - Rivers, Joan
"The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.'" - Chris Pratt
"When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous." - Wayne Dyer
"I like the George Romero films, which were really great, social satire movies really twisted." - John Cusack
"Always remember that the most important thing in a good marriage is not happiness, but stability." - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
"After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb." - Nelson Mandela
"I have the most amazing support network around me." - Jenny Frost
"Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny." - Thomas Jefferson
"To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams." - Rick Yune
"I have to ask Allah's forgiveness and not get angry, because they come to me out of love, and it's not fitting that I should turn to them in hatred." - Abdul Qadeer Khan
"Grades were important in our house. I was reading by two. My mom would sit there and read with me, read with me, read with me. It was wonderful." - Fergie
"Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share." - Steve Harvey
"Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting." - Charles Kingsley
"Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog." - Doug Larson
"Light in Nature creates the movement of colors." - Robert Delaunay
"It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world." - Henry James Sumner Maine
"The lack of access to proper nutrition is not only fueling obesity, it is leading to food insecurity and hunger among our children." - Tom Vilsack
"No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love." - Edvard Munch
"I'm an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can." - Matthew Fox
"Study the past, if you would divine the future." - Confucius
"It has to be a very specific role for me because of my accent. I can't complain I've been working since I got to LA. But it is hard. I have no training as an actress so I try whatever I do like school, because I'm learning." - Sofia Vergara
"I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership. It needs to be something that people are willing to assume if it feels relevant, given the context of any situation." - Margaret J. Wheatley
"The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated." - Desmond Tutu
"The right to happiness is fundamental." - Anna Pavlova
"I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!" - Ken Hensley
"It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized." - Muhammad Iqbal
"This president has been reluctant to hold anybody accountable. No one was held accountable after September the 11th. Nobody's been held accountable after the clear flaws in intelligence leading up to the war in Iraq." - Bob Graham
"The history of philosophy is to a great extent that of a certain clash of human temperaments." - William James
"I do resent that when you're in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age." - Rosanna Arquette
"Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career." - Sam Ewing
"Last time I spoke to my mom she called me from a pay phone, and we didn't have the best talk. Ever since my stepdad passed away three years ago, she has been very depressed and hasn't been herself at all." - Eric West
"It is an axiom, enforced by all the experience of the ages, that they who rule industrially will rule politically." - Aneurin Bevan
"Traditional horizontal search engines cannot always identify the target audience, niche or vertical industry of a page or site. Vertical search engines address this issue by the nature of their design. They identify sites according to more specific criteria and sometimes even by human input." - Marc Ostrofsky
"I'm always in situations where you can't be funny, and yet I want to do it anyway." - Tim Heidecker
"It was clear to me that the forms of consciousness of our inherited and acquired historical education - aesthetic consciousness and historical consciousness - presented alienated forms of our true historical being." - Hans-Georg Gadamer
"When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream, between the mind's disorder and the return to cool reflection, it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation." - Gerard De Nerval
"We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams." - Lenny Wilkens
"Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers' songs and so forth." - Noam Chomsky
"Baalbek is so beautiful. It is the heart of beauty in the Middle East - I want to embrace these people with my music. I will try so hard for them. Their president is a Christian, their prime minister is a Muslim. Music is for everyone." - Mstislav Rostropovich
"What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom 'to' and freedom 'from.'" - Marilyn vos Savant
"I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will." - Antonio Gramsci
"I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few." - William Morris
"I remember being in Hollywood at the age of 16 and marveling at the stars. The idea of being part of it never entered my mind. It was too far-fetched." - Bryan Adams
"My own experience is that a certain kind of genius among students is best brought out in bed." - Allen Ginsberg
"Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question." - Thomas Jefferson
"Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art." - Alvar Aalto
"Couldn't start the morning without caffeine." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"It was my mom and I against the world. We lived in New York in this bohemian lifestyle where an extended group of artists and photographers were like my aunts and uncles." - Brooke Shields
"I pinch myself because of the understanding that I've been blessed with a real rare opportunity that few Americans ever get - to serve their government and their people at this level." - Marco Rubio
"True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation." - George Washington
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money." - Johnny Cash
"I never had a policy about marriage. I got married very young in life and I always think in all relationships, I've always thought that it's counterproductive to have a theory on that." - Jack Nicholson
"People don't want to talk about death, just like they don't want to talk about computer security. Maybe I should have named my workstation Fear. People are so motivated by fear." - Dan Farmer
"I could never have pictured myself writing a book when I was 25 years old. My mom was an English teacher but I wasn't that way growing up." - Tony Dungy
"Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?" - Erich Fromm
"We all know how funny Morrissey is. Actually, you know what? I say that sarcastically. His songs are some of the funniest songs I've ever heard in my life. I mean, really. I mean, not that the 'Girlfriend in a Coma' is, like, really funny." - Zach Galifianakis
"It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood." - James Madison
"When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not." - Chris O'Dowd
"Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men." - Kin Hubbard
"Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding." - Louis Gerstner
"Like all parents, my husband and I just do the best we can, hold our breath and hope we've set aside enough money for our kid's therapy." - Michelle Pfeiffer
"A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger." - Clive Owen
"I told the brethren that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book." - Joseph Smith, Jr.
"I think superheroes are heroes with flaws, and in their flaws, there is a sense of humor." - Peter Segal
"In a big family the first child is kind of like the first pancake. If it's not perfect, that's okay, there are a lot more coming along." - Antonin Scalia
"Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese." - Nick Cannon
"Architecture is the art of how to waste space." - Philip Johnson
"My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers." - Stevie Nicks
"Having a child, that's always been my biggest fear. I want a child and I fear a child." - Marilyn Monroe
"I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person." - Amanda Bynes
"People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart." - Candice Bergen
"Mothers are the people who love us for no good reason. And those of us who are mothers know it's the most exquisite love of all." - Maggie Gallagher
"I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God." - Mother Teresa
"Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool." - Eddie Van Halen
"At home in Victoria, we have three dogs, Tosh and Lucy, they're half Blue Heelers, and then there's Torrin a little Maltese terrier. She gets more attention in the house than anyone else! Yes, I miss them a lot." - Chris Hemsworth
"The Australian Government's decision to take on the dominant funding role for the entire public hospital system is designed to: end the blame game eliminate waste and to shoulder the funding burden of the rapidly rising health costs of the future." - Kevin Rudd
"Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy." - Sigmund Freud
"American Horror' is the debasement of the suburban family, the way a lonely kid would have imagined it in the Seventies.;Rob Sheffield;family
20693;I'm not an anarchist, but I believe that people don't want the royal family - the so-called royal family.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;family
20694;My dad was a militant atheist, or is a militant atheist. My mum was sort of bought up in a religious family because she was a Protestant from Ireland but wasn't especially religious.;Tony Blair;family
20695;If you want to really know what your friends and family think of you die broke, and then see who shows up for the funeral.;Gregory Nunn;family
20696;I have a mother that's very strong and family that surround me and constantly tell me they love me.;Whitney Houston;family
20697;I approached everything, my job, my family, my romances, with intensity.;Gene Tierney;family
20698;None of my actions have ever sort of been motored by the search for a husband or wondering if I was going to have a family someday or wanting to live in a really great house or thinking it would be really great to have a diamond.;Lena Dunham;family
20699;A lot of parents never speak to their transgender kids again that's not the case in my family.;Chaz Bono;family
20700;The purpose of the Seder to my mind is to inspire conversations with your family about the human drama and hopefully transmit values to the next generation. I've always felt like this could be better.;Jonathan Safran Foer;family
20701;We need a better way to talk about eating animals, a way that doesn't ignore or even just shruggingly accept things like habits, cravings, family and history but rather incorporates them into the conversation. The more they are allowed in, the more able we will be to follow our best instincts.;Jonathan Safran Foer;family
20702;I'm happiest with my family around me.;Amy Winehouse;family
20703;All the songs I write are about human dynamics, whether it's with girlfriends, boyfriends, or family.;Amy Winehouse;family
20704;We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children.;John Sculley;family
20705;I eat a little bit of everything and not a lot of anything. Everything in moderation. I know that's really hard for people to understand, but I grew up in an Italian family where we didn't overdo anything. We ate pasta, yes, but not a lot of it.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
20706;When I go back to family reunions everybody goes, 'Hey cousin! Hey Auntie!' And I'm like, 'Okay I don't know you, I have no idea who you are.' I am auntie and cousin for so many and even the ones in prison call me collect. And I'll be like, 'Which of my family members are giving you this phone number?" - Sherri Shepherd
"I'm the chairman of the intelligence committee. We don't only get formal briefings, but we collect our information from the intelligence community in a variety of ways." - Mike Rogers
"President Ford was a devoted, decent man of impeccable integrity who put service to his country before his own self interest. He helped heal our nation during a time of crisis, provided steady leadership and restored people's faith in the presidency and in government." - Mark Udall
"I was a fairly good amateur musician, and I was an average professional. But the one thing I saw was that the big band business was fading." - Alan Greenspan
"When I was little I thought, isn't it nice that everybody celebrates on my birthday? Because it's July 4th." - Gloria Stuart
"It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to." - Franklin P. Jones
"To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet." - Charles Caleb Colton
"Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I'm worried because of my mother, she's going to see my performance and she's quite hard. She's going to see me naked. And my Dad, woah. Yeah, they're going to see me like a woman, you know?" - Eva Green
"I've got a great sense of humor." - Anthony Hopkins
"My second marriage had a lot to do with alcohol." - Mercedes McCambridge
"We have used the presence of UNMIK, as well as other European and American agencies to establish a legal framework compatible with the European Union and that is already an advantage. We have seen the positive effects of this and our parliament will continue to go this way." - Ibrahim Rugova
"Fear is the foundation of most governments." - John Adams
"I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked." - Len Wein
"To meet the expectations of the majority of our people, and to open up new vistas of economic opportunity so that the aspirations of Nigerians can stand a fair chance of being fulfilled in a lifetime, there must be a truly committed leadership in a democratic Nigeria." - Ibrahim Babangida
"Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I'm very confident my health isn't going to allow me to be a good player, especially in the spring." - Steve Yzerman
"When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game." - Fuzzy Zoeller
"We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought." - Bertrand Russell
"Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that." - Brian Cox
"Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared." - David Ben-Gurion
"Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry." - Virginia Woolf
"I've only ever wanted to be a singer I never wanted to be famous." - Katherine Jenkins
"With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years." - Thayer David
"I could definitely see myself making a serious movie or a drama in the future." - Adam Carolla
"He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it." - Voltaire
"If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate." - Thomas John Watson, Sr.
"I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control." - Javier Bardem
"So we really need jobs now. We have to take jobs away from other countries because other countries are taking our jobs. There is practically not a country that does business with the United States that isn't making - let's call it a very big profit. I mean China is going to make $300 billion on us at least this year." - Donald Trump
"When God desires to destroy a thing, he entrusts its destruction to the thing itself. Every bad institution of this world ends by suicide." - Victor Hugo
"I do not take any pleasure whatsoever in being a famous person." - Donna Leon
"ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked." - Dakota Fanning
"I am a military police officer and I have served on two deployments my first was to Iraq, in a medical unit, and my second deployment was to Kuwait, as a military police platoon leader." - Tulsi Gabbard
"There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith." - James Cameron
"It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.'" - Aldous Huxley
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." - Steve Jobs
"Time will take your money, but money won't buy time." - James Taylor
"I grew up on the golden age of children's TV." - Edward Norton
"Rhyme patterns are nothing without meanings to the words. A lot of rappers can do those flows, but the raps aren't really about anything - which is cool sometimes, but to have the flow and the message is one of my favorite things." - J. Cole
"I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to death." - Leo Burnett
"That's why I wrote this book: to show how these people can imbue us with hope. I read somewhere that when a person takes part in community action, his health improves. Something happens to him or to her biologically. It's like a tonic." - Studs Terkel
"The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small." - Mitt Romney
"Well, for us, in history where goodness is a rare pearl, he who was good almost takes precedence over he who was great." - Victor Hugo
"He that gives good advice, builds with one hand he that gives good counsel and example, builds with both but he that gives good admonition and bad example, builds with one hand and pulls down with the other." - Francis Bacon
"Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone." - Baruch Spinoza
"The most important thing is to write material that YOU think is funny. If you don't think it's funny, but you're convinced that other people will think it is, well they won't." - Mo Rocca
"There is no place where we can safely store worn-out reactors or their garbage. No place!" - David R. Brower
"Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education. They're both important and schools are forgetting one of them." - Robert Kiyosaki
"You know who is against democracy in the Middle East? The husbands. They got used to their way of life. Now, the traditional way of life must change. Everybody must change. If you don't give equal rights to women, you can't progress." - Shimon Peres
"Is Medicare socialism? You want to get rid of Medicare. And a lot of the people against health care do. I want to preserve it and grow it." - Anthony Weiner
"I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front, tell people what you're trying to accomplish and what you're willing to sacrifice to accomplish it." - Lee Iacocca
"When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art." - Marc Chagall
"My faith always has been and always will be important to me." - Aretha Franklin
"When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession." - Warwick Davis
"Some players you pat their butts, some players you kick their butts, some players you leave alone." - Pete Rose
"As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified." - Jack Kevorkian
"For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities." - Dianne Feinstein
"My mother is a special story. She went through so much to bring us up, four men at home, especially when our country was going through really difficult times." - Novak Djokovic
"I took prenatal yoga three times a week, including the morning I went into labor. It helped me stay comfortable." - Alyssa Milano
"I don't think my wife likes me very much, when I had a heart attack she wrote for an ambulance." - Frank Carson
"I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives." - Billy Connolly
"I was worried about my mom more than I was worried about the president. And then I was worried about the president, and then I was worried about myself." - Monica Lewinsky
"If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself." - Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.
"Red Sox fans have been pushed to the brink over the years, but that's how faith grows stronger." - Julianna Baggott
"I always knew that we were going to be successful and accomplish and succeed at our dreams. There was never a doubt in my mind. When we were recording 'Appetite For Destruction,' we all knew." - Steven Adler
"One man with courage is a majority." - Thomas Jefferson
"I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau
"We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing." - Georg C. Lichtenberg
"Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them." - Orison Swett Marden
"Any critic is entitled to wrong judgments, of course. But certain lapses of judgment indicate the radical failure of an entire sensibility." - Susan Sontag
"Americans cannot maintain their essential faith in government if there are two Americas, in which the private sector's work subsidizes the disproportionate benefits of this new public sector elite." - Mortimer Zuckerman
"Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure." - George Eliot
"Happiness and virtue rest upon each other; the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best." - Bulwer-Lytton, Edward Robert
"For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are." - Ricki Lake
"The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home." - Jeanette Winterson
"If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that." - Ellen DeGeneres
"I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business." - Harvey S. Firestone
"Anybody who is running a marathon or doing a walkathon, doing a fundraiser for their school, their company, by far it's guaranteed the easiest and most fun way to quickly set up a fundraising campaign and send it around to your friends and family." - Edward Norton
"Traditionally, Medicare's assurance has been that for the elderly and persons with disabilities that they will not be alone when confronted with the full burden of their health care costs." - Mike Fitzpatrick
"Christmas... is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart." - Freya Stark
"I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls." - Clive Owen
"Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed." - Ashley Tisdale
"Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I have encouraged my kids to eat well from day one. I add flavor - herbs and spices - to everything because I don't want them getting used to starchy, bland food. I also want them to experiment - they don't have to love everything, but they do have to try it." - Alison Sweeney
"Good breeding differs, if at all, from high breeding only as it gracefully remembers the rights of others, rather than gracefully insists on its own rights." - Thomas Carlyle
"At an incredibly divisive point in pop history, Donna Summer managed to create an undeniable across-the-board experience of mass pleasure - after 'Bad Girls,' nobody ever tried claiming disco sucked again. It set the template for what Michael Jackson would do a few months later with 'Off The Wall.'" - Rob Sheffield
"To be sure, the response of faith to revelation, which God grants to the creature he chooses and moves with his love, occurs in such a way that it is truly the creature that provides the response, with its own nature and its natural powers of love." - Hans Urs von Balthasar
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled." - Carly Fiorina
"I guess because the shows were activist in their own way - the marriage of my public activism and my career activism, you know - people understand me very well. They also understand there's a very strong bipartisan part in all of this." - Norman Lear
"As with most phobias, the fear of flying does make some sense, but if ever there was a fear worth quashing then this is it. After all, life is short, and there's a great big world to explore out there." - Beth Ditto
"Why do British people make such good TV? It's so annoying. Stop it. Is it because they have free health care? Uggh." - Elizabeth Meriwether
"Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot." - Clarence Thomas
"I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!" - Rodney Atkins
"To this day, some of my closest friends say, 'Gaga, you know, everything's great. You're a singer your dreams have come true.' But, still, when certain things are said to you over and over again as you're growing up, it stays with you and you wonder if they're true." - Lady Gaga
"I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that." - Malcolm Mclaren
"Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls it tolls for thee." - John Donne
"Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars." - Henry David Thoreau
"A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education." - George Bernard Shaw
"Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it." - Sai Baba
"I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future." - Matt Drudge
"I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude." - Yani Tseng
"I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act." - Jennifer Aniston
"I had one relative who passed away but fortunately none others. So my sort of experience of it is quite limited, thankfully." - Daniel Radcliffe
"Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have." - James Dean
"Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god." - Aristotle
"Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact." - Gary Bauer
"I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Watching your daughter being collected by her date feels like handing over a million dollar Stradivarius to a gorilla." - Jim Bishop
"I know how fiction matters to me, because if I want to express myself, I have to make up a story. Some people call it imagination. To me, it's not imagination. It's just a way of watching." - Haruki Murakami
"What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams." - Pedro Calderon de la Barca
"I used to love to go to the movies - I'd see two in a row. A few times I even snuck into the second movie after it started... now that I think about it, that's kind of like shoplifting! Needless to say, I still love going to the movies, but I don't sneak in anymore." - Danica McKellar
"Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man." - Thomas Paine
"Make food a very incidental part of your life by filling your life so full of meaningful things that you'll hardly have time to think about food." - Peace Pilgrim
"If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life." - Billy Graham
"We tend to connect bad food and bad habits with romance and sex." - Marilu Henner
"The American economy has always been driven by the entrepreneurial nature of its citizens, and blocking access to affordable health care will only suffocate growth within the small business sector of our economy." - Paul Gillmor
"The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication." - Mike Fitzpatrick
"Blade Runner appears regularly, two or three times a year in various shapes and forms of science fiction. It set the pace for what is essentially urban science fiction, urban future and it's why I've never re-visited that area because I feel I've done it." - Ridley Scott
"We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food." - Kathleen Sebelius
"In the car and in front of the camera I tend to be very calm but behind the scenes I can get fired up and passionate, I just don't see the need to shout my mouth off in public." - Jenson Button
"There is both a skill factor and an effort factor in dream recall. People can develop dream recall skills, such as lying still in the morning and writing down whatever comes to mind." - Henry Reed
"Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it." - Mark Twain
"Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art." - Camille Paglia
"My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old, and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating." - Ben Affleck
"I'm not saying I look cool, but every single time I go onstage, it is a fail if I don't feel like I'm going to pass out at least twice." - Kesha
"Tis education forms the common mind just as the twig is bent the tree's inclined.;Alexander Pope;education
16030;The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.;Diogenes;education
16031;What charitable 1 percenters can't do is assume responsibility - America's national responsibilities: the care of its sick and its poor, the education of its young, the repair of its failing infrastructure, the repayment of its staggering war debts.;Stephen King;education
16032;I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself." - Alice Walker
"I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have." - Gary Numan
"I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence." - William F. Buckley, Jr.
"Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq." - Norman Schwarzkopf
"In terms of the creative side of it, it's really been a thing where you come up with the funny stuff is usually at a bar or out talking to people or whatever." - Trey Parker
"On the same line of reasoning, if Australians were to be Australians, or rather if Australians were as separate from any other nation as Australia from any other land, there would be no jealousy between them on England's account." - Henry Lawson
"All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door." - Albert Camus
"People forget how outcast 'They Might Be Giants' can be. They have a reputation for writing really deft, funny, clever melodies, and they also make a lot of music for kids, which is terrific, but when you see them in concert, they can rock the house." - John Hodgman
"Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldn't listen to other people, that they couldn't hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize." - Warren Farrell
"I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
"Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy." - Christopher Hitchens
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand." - Mother Teresa
"In one century, we've added 28 years to our average life span - a change so rapid that our brains couldn't possibly have evolved to accommodate it." - Martha Beck
"For the first time we're allowing developers who don't work at Facebook to develop applications just as if they were. That's a big deal because it means that all developers have a new way of doing business if they choose to take advantage of it. There are whole companies that are forming whose only product is a Facebook Platform application." - Mark Zuckerberg
"It's a great excuse and luxury, having a job and blaming it for your inability to do your own art. When you don't have to work, you are left with the horror of facing your own lack of imagination and your own emptiness. A devastating possibility when finally time is your own." - Julian Schnabel
"If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want." - Zig Ziglar
"I've chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!" - Carmen Miranda
"There are no ideas in the Republican Party right now in the Congress. They're the party of no. They desperately need some intellectual leadership. And whatever you think of Newt Gingrich, he can supply intellectual leadership. So I hope he does run." - Howard Dean
"How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these." - George Washington Carver
"I usually write away from home, in coffee shops, on trains, on planes, in friends' houses. I like places where there's stuff going on that you can lift your eyes, see something interesting, overhear a conversation." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Franklin Roosevelt was very concerned about environmental issues." - Gaylord Nelson
"It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." - W. Somerset Maugham
"Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it." - Thomas Sowell
"The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling." - Paula Poundstone
"Overcoming my dad telling me that I could never amount to anything is what has made me the megalomaniac that you see today." - Bono
"Writing about music is like dancing about architecture." - Martin Mull
"It's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership." - Suze Orman
"I really don't know anything else because my brothers were famous when I was two years old. So I know nothing else, no other life." - Janet Jackson
"I never expected in a million years that I would have the honor to become an advocate of women's health care and education, and I'd dive on a live grenade to get this message out, so thank you for this forum." - Karen Duffy
"I have always striven to raise the voice of hope for a world where hate gives way to respect and oppression to liberation." - Theodore Bikel
"I was very fortunate that I saved my money and I still do." - Rod Stewart
"I know there are people, if I go into a market or a city for the first time, there are people that are there that just want to see the famous person, or the guy from 'Dumb and Dumber' or whatever movie they liked. And that's fine, it gets them in the door, but then it's my job to give them something different." - Jeff Daniels
"Nowhere else in history has there ever been a flag that stands for the right to burn itself. This is the fractal of our flag. It stands for the right to destroy itself." - Ken Kesey
"You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure people's bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music." - Shirley Manson
"Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art." - Miguel Angel Ruiz
"One thing that people keep on saying to me is that the wealth and the fame must have made up for missing out on my childhood. But the idea of money - putting a price on your childhood - is ridiculous. You will never get those years back and you can't put a price on them." - Tom Felton
"I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life." - Katy Perry
"Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon." - Carl Hiaasen
"An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated." - Madalyn Murray O'Hair
"A woman who thinks she is intelligent demands the same rights as man. An intelligent woman gives up." - Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
"There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Long gone are the days when hospital stays and surgeries made up the bulk of seniors' annual medical expenses." - Jim Gerlach
"The cult of the individual is killing us. I think Twitter signals the death of western civilisation, but people have been saying that since Demosthenes." - Kate Atkinson
"What we've got here is a failure to communicate." - Donn Pearce
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
"Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness." - Aristotle
"I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive." - Yoko Ono
"I never know when I am being funny, and the other way too. I don't think you can think about that. I don't think you can try to be funny. Some people are just funny." - Christopher Walken
"But every historical statement and legitimization itself moves within a certain relation to history." - Martin Heidegger
"I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know." - Rosie Huntington-Whiteley
"Man is a genius when he is dreaming." - Akira Kurosawa
"Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy." - Isaac Newton
"A fool and his money get a lot of publicity." - Al Bernstein
"How serious can a movie about time-traveling robots be? You want it to be cool and fun." - Christian Bale
"I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything." - Nikola Tesla
"I want to keep learning, keep exploring, keep doing more." - Jessye Norman
"World War II had been such a tremendous success story for this country that the political and military leadership began to assume that they would prevail simply because of who they were. We were like the British at the turn of the 19th century." - Neil Sheehan
"The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want." - Justin Timberlake
"A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of." - Jane Austen
"It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories." - Vanessa Kerry
"I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else." - John Keats
"On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldier behind. As a nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we leave no veteran behind." - Dan Lipinski
"Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others." - Simon Mainwaring
"I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden." - Jessica Lange
"China has all the advantages in the world. But it doesn't have a history of free thinking, risk-taking pioneers - the kind of people the U.S. is built upon." - James Dyson
"Writing is a form of therapy sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation." - Graham Greene
"Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it." - George Santayana
"I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it." - Brandy Norwood
"If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself." - Martin Luther
"The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom." - Khalil Gibran
"I grew up around hip-hop so I didn't think it was about being cool or being black or being white or whatever." - Chad Hugo
"The real cure for what ails our health care system today is less government and more freedom." - Steve Forbes
"I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down." - Kim Kardashian
"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"An unschooled man who knows how to meditate upon the Lord has learned far more than the man with the highest education who does not know how to meditate." - Charles Stanley
"Choose your love, Love your choice." - Thomas S. Monson
"I can give you a six-word formula for success: "Think things through - then follow through."" - Rickenbacker, Edward
"I won't say there aren't any Harvard graduates who have never asserted a superior attitude. But they have done so to our great embarrassment and in no way represent the Harvard I know." - Derek Bok
"I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it." - Carol Alt
"I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I don't drive, I wouldn't mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. I'm an artist, man. I'm going to live like an artist." - ASAP Rocky
"There aren't as many girl superheroes, but there are cool ones. Banshee, for instance." - Kat Dennings
"The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"There is nothing like a dream to create the future." - Victor Hugo
"To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less." - Plato
"On health care, virtually every political error that could be made was made." - Sidney Blumenthal
"We are long before we are convinced that happiness is never to be found, and each believes it possessed by others, to keep alive the hope of obtaining it for himself." - Johnson, Samuel
"There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself." - Drew Barrymore
"My dad died of a stroke." - William Shatner
"Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes." - Norman Douglas
"Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain." - Billie Holiday
"I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public." - Albert Ellis
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges." - Joyce Meyer
"The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death." - Voltaire
"To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it." - Horace
"Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser." - Vince Lombardi
"Finally, the ecological health of the Mississippi River and its economic importance to the many people that make their living or seek their recreation is based on a healthy river system." - Ron Kind
"This is what I asked for, and in this day and age that's what actually goes on. But what hurts me the most is that I work just as hard as any other actress around my age, like Scarlett Johansson, but I just don't get the opportunities that they get because people are so distracted by the mess that I created in my life." - Lindsay Lohan
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." - Ernest Hemingway
"Anybody who says they are a good liar obviously is not, because any legitimately savvy liar would always insist they're honest about everything." - Chuck Klosterman
"God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul." - Jean Paul
"Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design." - Christopher Alexander
"Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient." - Ambrose Bierce
"The details are not the details. They make the design." - Charles Eames
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me." - Julie Andrews
"The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future." - John Maynard Keynes
"Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before." - Wharton, Edith
"Fear not those who argue but those who dodge." - Dale Carnegie
"Throughout the history of our young nation, we have seen our military go bravely into battle, armed with courage and willing to make the ultimate sacrifice." - John M. McHugh
"I don't want to look at other people my age in leather. Why would I put it on?" - George Michael
"Poets have said that the reason to have children is to give yourself immortality. Immortality? Now that I have five children, my only hope is that they are all out of the house before I die." - Bill Cosby
"You wouldn't want to be called a sell-out by selling a product. Selling out was frowned on, whereas now you can major in it at business school." - Alan Alda
"Mattresses! Beautiful! Let's go buy a couple of mattresses. Give 'em to people for their birthday." - Lawrence Tierney
"Constant development is the law of life, and a man who always tries to maintain his dogmas in order to appear consistent drives himself into a false position." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is God's." - Henry Ward Beecher
"I didn't watch much TV as a kid and I don' t watch it now. I don' t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you can't do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!" - David Lynch
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Famous people feel that they must perpetually be on the crest of the wave, not realising that it is against all the rules of life. You can't be on top all the time, it isn't natural." - Olivia De Havilland
"That's the beauty of music. You can take a theme from a Bach sacred chorale and improvise. It doesn't make any difference where the theme comes from the treatment of it can be jazz." - Dave Brubeck
"One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government." - Donald Trump
"Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"I wanted to be famous. I wanted people to talk about me." - Haile Gebrselassie
"I walk into a kids' store, and it's amazing, the types of instruments - little squeaky things, rattling things, spinning tops." - Evelyn Glennie
"When a fellow says, 'It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,' it's the money." - Kin Hubbard
"The new always carries with it the sense of violation, of sacrilege. What is dead is sacred; what is new, that is, different, is evil, dangerous, or subversive. " - Miller, Henry
"I enjoyed the administrative work because it involved working with Congress, city council, and the mayor. I had never been a politician so it was fun - learning political maneuvering." - Harold H. Greene
"The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them." - Carlos Ghosn
"What I do now is all my dad's fault, because he bought me a guitar as a boy, for no apparent reason." - Rod Stewart
"I don't really necessarily think I'm a funny guy, but I like the opportunity to take on something that I don't feel I'm the best at doing." - Seann William Scott
"Movies were never an art form, they were entertainment. It just evolved into an art form from there, and it's still evolving in different ways." - David Mamet
"There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them." - William Shakespeare
"We Brits print banknotes out in Debden in Essex, and have contracted it out to the private sector. Here in the U.S. it is a government operation right in the heart of Washington next door to the Holocaust Museum." - Evan Davis
"We are particularly interested in the mental health programs and policies that support our troops and their families before, during, and after deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan." - John M. McHugh
"Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed." - Khalil Gibran
"He who opens a school door, closes a prison." - Victor Hugo
"Doubt is not the opposite of faith it is one element of faith." - Paul Tillich
"I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet." - Joel Robuchon
"This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign." - Teri Hatcher
"Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity." - Khalil Gibran
"Trust in God - she will provide." - Emmeline Pankhurst
"There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning." - Pat Riley
"The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water." - Stendhal
"For me, pointing and clicking my phone is absolutely fine. People say that isn't the art of photography but I don't agree." - Annie Lennox
"Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about." - Iain Duncan Smith
"I'm really not for famous people who design a line for a company, when you know it's not really them creating it but a team of designers, especially when there are so many talented people who've taken the time to go and study fashion." - Bonnie Wright
"It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance." - Eddie Marsan
"The future of Indo-Pak cricket will depend on how the peace process goes." - Imran Khan
"I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house." - Anthony Anderson
"If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms." - Mike Ditka
"Racism cannot be cured solely by attacking some of the results it produces, like discrimination in housing or in education." - Sargent Shriver
"The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws." - Andrew Jackson
"I believe that imagination inspires nations. It's something that I live by." - Janelle Monae
"Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier." - Albert Schweitzer
"Family is not an important thing. It's everything." - Michael J. Fox
"To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less." - Andre Malraux
"Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future." - Gary Ross
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
"We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard." - Mahmoud Abbas
"I like to abide by the seasons and let the natural flavor in food speak for itself. I use quick cooking techniques of high heat with very little fat, such as quick saute or wok stir-frying." - Cat Cora
"I had no accomplishments except surviving. But that isn't enough in the community where I came from, because everybody was doing it. So I wasn't prepared for America, where everybody is glowing with good teeth and good clothes and food." - Frank McCourt
"True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. I'm very proud to be the first winner here in India." - Sebastian Vettel
"Now all the knowledge and wisdom that is in creatures, whether angels or men, is nothing else but a participation of that one eternal, immutable and increased wisdom of God." - Ralph Cudworth
"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world." - Billy Sunday
"It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate." - Donald Trump
"I was living on the wrong side of the tracks in Evanston, Illinois, in a home for boys. We had these Jackson 5 records. I really related to their voices - they were about my age, but they were doing it." - Eddie Vedder
"It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn." - Eric Hoffer
"A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady." - Thomas Moore
"The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits." - Theodore Roosevelt
"For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool." - Nikki Giovanni
"Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up." - David Duchovny
"Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character." - Clarence Day
"Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners." - Dirk Kempthorne
"If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything." - William Lyon Phelps
"The great end of life is not knowledge but action." - Francis Bacon
"The fact is, when it comes to economic leadership, the Republicans have nothing to brag about. This isn't what the American people want. They want to see progress that works for them." - Debbie Wasserman Schultz
"Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart." - Jonathan Swift
"Maria is the best reason to come home." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Now will I rehearse before you a very ancient Breton Lay. As the tale was told to me, so, in turn, will I tell it over again, to the best of my art and knowledge. Hearken now to my story, its why and its reason." - Marie de France
"No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause." - Theodore Roosevelt
"It would be fun to do a reunion show. I hope we do it some day, but it better be soon. We're all getting on." - William Christopher
"I just think it is important that you realize , that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go." - Clint Eastwood
"I absolutely relate to being alone in squalor, trying to come up with something adequate. I relate to that, and I've been known to crawl out of bed and drink out of a 2-liter bottle of Diet Coke." - Diablo Cody
"The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army." - Elvis Presley
"A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I didn't know my dad for a long time. My dad was on drugs and my dad was at the VA Hospital, my dad was off in his own world selling drugs or using them or there would be crack heads in the house or whatever it would be." - Shia LaBeouf
"I went to the bank and proposed that they lend money to the poor people. The bankers almost fell over." - Muhammad Yunus
"Liberty cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people." - Adams, John
"I saw Deep Purple live once and I paid money for it and I thought, 'Geez, this is ridiculous.' You just see through all that sort of stuff. I never liked those Deep Purples or those sort of things. I always hated it. I always thought it was a poor man's Led Zeppelin." - Angus Young
"I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman." - Uma Thurman
"One interviewer asked me: 'How do you feel that you've betrayed your father?' That wasn't really very cool." - Dhani Harrison
"You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon Ireland's history in their lineaments trace think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends." - William Butler Yeats
"Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike." - Margot Fonteyn
"Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history." - George Bernard Shaw
"By our Heavenly Father and only because of God, only because of God. We're like other couples. We do not get along perfectly we do not go without arguments and, as I call them, fights, and heartache and pain and hurting each other. But a marriage is three of us." - Barbara Mandrell
"For all my years in public life, I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all. There is no end to that journey, only the next great voyage. We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make." - Edward Kennedy
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome." - William James
"Little minds are interested in the extraordinary great minds in the commonplace." - Elbert Hubbard
"My argument is simple, which is, that for several thousand years in Western civilization, marriage has been the union of one man and one woman. Research is overwhelming that children need mothers and fathers." - Gary Bauer
"Humor does not rescue us from unhappiness, but enables us to move back from it a little." - Mason Cooley
"We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further." - Richard Dawkins
"Even within the last three or four years, I have a greater ability to communicate, I think. I have more courage to show the stuff... And it does take courage." - Barbara Cook
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith." - Steve Jobs
"I could wake up six in the morning, go downstairs and record. I learned how to use ProTools and everything. Whenever I felt it, I could record." - Beanie Sigel
"A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened." - Albert Camus
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe." - Dalai Lama
"Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness." - Leon Trotsky
"If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim." - Robert Kennedy
"But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students." - Roy Barnes
"If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?" - Matt Drudge
"I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem." - Stone Gossard
"You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family." - Rod Stewart
"I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it." - Charles Schumer
"My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that." - Emeril Lagasse
"The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution." - J. K. Rowling
"I have a theory that the secret of marital happiness is simple: drink in different pubs to your other half." - Jilly Cooper
"People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster." - Adam Osborne
"An empty stomach is not a good political adviser." - Albert Einstein
"Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work." - Louis Aragon
"Good is somebody who delivered and allowed the company to overcome obstacles, without leaving a profound impact on its culture. Great is somebody who leads his company to achievements and performance and value that nobody was expecting it had." - Carlos Ghosn
"Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money." - Sophocles
"Embryonic stem cell research is legal in America, and nothing in the administration's current policy affects that legality 400 lines are currently being used to conduct embryonic stem cell research, both in the private sector and by the Federal Government." - Roger Wicker
"The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves." - William Ellery Channing
"There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty." - John Adams
"I had never walked on the street alone when I was growing up in Calcutta, up to age 20. I had never handled money. You know, there was always a couple of bodyguards behind me, who took care if I wanted... I needed pencils for school, I needed a notebook, they were the ones who were taking out the money. I was constantly guarded." - Bharati Mukherjee
"What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party." - Henry David Thoreau
"No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself." - John Steinbeck
"A good listener is usually thinking about something else." - Kin Hubbard
"The White House is giving George W. Bush intelligence briefings. You know, some of these jokes just write themselves." - David Letterman
"From about eight years old I was always making things on the sewing machine. Friends would see me making dresses and costumes, and I'd use difficult fabrics such as Lycra and elastic. But you know, my dad was creative and my brother is inventive too." - Melissa George
"It's clever, but is it Art?" - Rudyard Kipling
"Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?" - Dionne Warwick
"I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively." - David Guetta
"I always wanted to make movies." - Daniel Craig
"My mom was a dancer, my dad's a singer and I've always had that kind of music in my life." - Elvis Stojko
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved." - Helen Keller
"My passion is doing movies, so as long as I keep doing that I will be happy." - Vanessa Hudgens
"I just really like fun, cool, interesting, quirky girls. And sometimes you find that in 6'2 model bodies and sometimes they're short and brunette. All shapes and sizes - it's really about the personality. That sounds cliche, but it's so freaking true!" - Dylan O'Brien
"Liars need to have good memories." - Algernon Sidney
"I am so happy because I want more people to like martial arts movie not just martial arts audience. Even martial arts can be used in comedy, in drama, in horror movies, in different kinds of movies." - Jet Li
"I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman." - Anais Nin
"I think about my parents all the time, especially on Sunday when I'm at Mass. My mother always said, 'We do not pray to win elections. We pray for people's health, we pray that God's will be done, we pray that we do our best. But we do not pray to win elections.'" - Nancy Pelosi
"I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz." - Jason Mraz
"By the time I got home at night, my eyes were so chlorinated I saw rings around every light." - Esther Williams
"I think the Smart Car is awesome. The only problem is I've been on the freeway and felt like I was going to be blown away like a Tim Hortons coffee cup, so I may have to upgrade to a Mini Cooper - something a little stronger." - Ellen Page
"The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense." - Pablo Picasso
"For this reason, to study English literature without some general knowledge of the relation of the Bible to that literature would be to leave one's literary education very incomplete." - Lafcadio Hearn
"At this early stage in our evolution, now through our infancy and into our childhood and then, with luck, our growing up, what our species needs most of all, right now, is simply a future." - Lewis Thomas
"Well, there are two kinds of happiness, grounded and ungrounded. Ungrounded happiness is cheesy and not based on reality. Grounded happiness is informed happiness based on the knowledge that the world sometimes sucks, but even then you have to believe in yourself." - Andy Grammer
"If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?" - Confucius
"There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort." - Jane Austen
"In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life." - Hugh Hefner
"I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but that's not the case. Sure, my parents were generous I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. I've worked really hard. I opened the store myself." - Kim Kardashian
"The most happy man is he who knows how to bring into relation the end and beginning of his life." - Goethe, Johann Von
"God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless." - Chester W. Nimitz
"The resistance of a woman is not always a proof of her virtue, but more frequently of her experience." - Ninon de L'Enclos
"What I know about poker, you can fit into a thimble with room left over, but I'm learning." - Wilford Brimley
"When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future." - Bernard Meltzer
"Friendship and money: oil and water." - Mario Puzo
"I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. It's kind of the best thing that can happen to you. It's thrilling." - Hugh Jackman
"Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes." - Douglas Horton
"I spent a lot of years just learning my craft and falling down in front of the camera." - Thomas Jane
"Man is born in a day, and he dies in a day, and the thing is easily over but to have a sick heart for three-fourths of one's lifetime is simply to have death renewed every morning and life at that price is not worth living." - Gilbert Parker
"Beauty is everything." - Jorja Fox
"Women's humor seems to be a little more supportive. It's just kind of trying to make the other one laugh through funny voices and kind of talking about other people. I respond to that. I feel less like I'm going to get beat up in a room full of women than I do in a room full of guys." - Paul Feig
"There is one timeless way of building. It is a thousand years old, and the same today as it has ever been. The great traditional buildings of the past, the villages and tents and temples in which man feels at home, have always been made by people who were very close to the center of this way." - Christopher Alexander
"What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences." - Abbe Pierre
"Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof." - Richard Bach
"The disembodied spirit is immortal there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns." - Thomas Hobbes
"The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled." - Henry Adams
"But, as environment minister, I am very interested in a thriving German automobile industry, because I can only pay for the rising costs of environmental protection at home and abroad if there are people in Germany with jobs and who pay taxes." - Sigmar Gabriel
"I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can." - Kesha
"My mother smokes me out. We'll get these long periods of me thinking I'm too busy to call her up or e-mail her, and she'll send me something. My mom's a real whiner. I love her to death, but she always sends me these 'woe is me' things. I think she might be Jewish. I'm not sure. She's Baptist-Jewish, which is a double whammy." - Ronnie Dunn
"Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out." - Theodore Bikel
"Those who weep for the happy periods which they encounter in history acknowledge what they want not the alleviation but the silencing of misery." - Albert Camus
"It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree." - Elbert Hubbard
"Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics." - Jesse Jackson
"You have to be able to accept failure to get better." - LeBron James
"Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb." - Gilda Radner
"It is not an arrogant government that chooses priorities, it's an irresponsible government that fails to choose." - Tony Blair
"'Tis said of love that it sometimes goes, sometimes flies; runs with one, walks gravely with another; turns a third into ice, and sets a fourth in a flame: it wounds one, another it kills: like lightning it begins and ends in the same moment: it makes that fort yield at night which it besieged but in the morning; for there is no force able to resist it." - Cervantes, Miguel de
"If a student takes the whole series of my folklore courses including the graduate seminars, he or she should learn something about fieldwork, something about bibliography, something about how to carry out library research, and something about how to publish that research." - Alan Dundes
"Life moves fast. As much as you can learn from your history, you have to move forward." - Eddie Vedder
"The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history." - Bertrand Russell
"I saw Deep Purple live once and I paid money for it and I thought, 'Geez, this is ridiculous.' You just see through all that sort of stuff. I never liked those Deep Purples or those sort of things. I always hated it. I always thought it was a poor man's Led Zeppelin." - Angus Young
"Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly, even if they roll a few stones upon it." - Albert Schweitzer
"The human body is the best picture of the human soul." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"On our plane knowledge and ignorance are the immemorial adversaries." - Frederick Soddy
"The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments." - Gustave Flaubert
"The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building." - Tom Morello
"At the very end of a book I can manage to work for longer stretches, but mostly, making stuff up for three hours, that's enough. I can't do any more. At the end of the day I might tinker with my morning's work and maybe write some again. But I think three hours is fine." - Peter Carey
"I exhort you also to take part in the great combat, which is the combat of life, and greater than every other earthly conflict." - Plato
"In an age of incompetence, I've been able to last in this crazy business. I actually know how to play my ax and write a song. That's my job." - Billy Joel
"It's not a case of 'look at me in my car' it's more, 'look at the car'. I like the idea of other people enjoying them, because everything has become a bit faceless and nobody likes the motor car any more." - Jay Kay
"Marriage brings up all the things I pushed to the back burner - the fears, the mistrust, the doubts, the insecurities. It's like opening Pandora's box." - Jennifer Aniston
"We cannot stop natural disasters but we can arm ourselves with knowledge: so many lives wouldn't have to be lost if there was enough disaster preparedness." - Petra Nemcova
"I protest that if some great Power would agree to make me always think what is true and do what is right, on condition of being turned into a sort of clock and would up every morning before I got out of bed, I should instantly close with the offer." - Thomas Huxley
"Everywhere among the English-speaking race criminal justice was rude, and punishments were barbarous but the tendency was to do away with special privileges and legal exemptions." - Albert Bushnell Hart
"My goal was not to be famous or rich but to be good at what I did. And that required going to New York and studying and working in the theater." - Shirley Knight
"The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control." - Margaret J. Wheatley
"Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship." - Lord Byron
"It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world." - Henry James Sumner Maine
"He makes me laugh, Mick! He tended to turn up when we were having lunch and entertain us all. He bought an Enigma machine! I've never worked with a producer who was more famous than everyone put together." - Saffron Burrows
"Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again." - Dag Hammarskjold
"When I was a kid, I took 'The Brady Bunch' and 'The Partridge Family' very seriously. It was a world to me in the same way that the Greek myths would have been had I read them. You know, Marcia is Athena and Mr. Brady is Zeus." - George Saunders
"When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are." - Usain Bolt
"Liberal Democrats are inexorably opposed to tax cuts, because tax cuts give people more power, and take away from the role of government." - Rush Limbaugh
"The construction of Europe is an art. It is the art of the possible." - Jacques Chirac
"And you know, whether it's drama or comedy, the best work is based on truth. It's just that, with comedy, the circumstances are just crazy-heightened, and you have these crazy things thrown at you. But you still have to do it truthfully, because that's where the humor comes from. So it's not that difficult to cross over." - Tony Hale
"As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change." - Al Gore
"Faith is love taking the form of aspiration." - William Ellery Channing
"Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike." - Margot Fonteyn
"I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!" - Jessica Simpson
"It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution." - Annie Dillard
"You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in." - Dr. Seuss
"When they searched my car, they said that they found a gasoline canister and I think duct tape. Who wouldn't have a gasoline canister on them when driving 3,000 miles across country?" - Sherman Austin
"The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading." - David Bailey
"A good part - and definitely the most fun part - of being a feminist is about frightening men." - Julie Burchill
"The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds." - John F. Kennedy
"A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that he begins to bunch them." - H. L. Mencken
"There's a lot of gimmick infringement out there, but that's cool. It's a compliment. But it all started right when I first came into the Garden. I came down to 'Eye of the Tiger' and when I hit the ring with the Sheik, I just put my hand up to my ear by accident, and the crowd got louder. I was like 'Oh, that works.'" - Hulk Hogan
"Preoccupation with money is the great test of small natures, but only a small test of great ones." - Nicolas Chamfort
"I'm not up on the Internet, but I hear that is a democratic possibility. People can connect with each other. I think people are ready for something, but there is no leadership to offer it to them. People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are part of a world.'" - Studs Terkel
"Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall." - Stephen Sondheim
"When he is late for dinner and I know he must be either having an affair or lying dead in the street, I always hope he's dead." - Judith Viorst
"There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness." - Countess of Blessington
"I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face." - Billy Graham
"I was thinking that we all learn by experience, but some of us have to go to summer school." - Peter De Vries
"She never envisioned a legal career for me, but she did think it was very important that I be able to support myself, and I think she would be pleased to see what has become of me." - Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!" - Charles Dickens
"All God wants of man is a peaceful heart." - Meister Eckhart
"Bosnia is under my skin. It's the place you cannot leave behind. I was obsessed by the nightmare of it all there was this sense of guilt, and an anger that has become something much deeper over these last years." - Paddy Ashdown
"How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it." - Ray Bradbury
"About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends." - Herbert Hoover
"I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed." - Britney Spears
"If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience." - Woodrow Wilson
"I come before you to declare that my sex are entitled to the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." - Victoria Woodhull
"We pardon to the extent that we love." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"When I first started acting I was about nine years old. I had never been to audition in my life and my agent sent me out. It was just a commercial for 'Harry Potter.' That was the first thing I ever went out for and I got the 'Harry Potter' commercial which was really cool, but I didn't play Harry Potter." - Alexander Ludwig
"The trick is always to write in pairs because if at least two people find it funny, you've immediately halved the odds of it not being funny." - Steve Coogan
"Fame, I have already. Now I need the money." - Wilhelm Steinitz
"The magic kit we developed with Idea Village is an extraordinary success in 40,000 stores across America. The TV commercial we shot for it has produced amazing results - unbelievable." - Criss Angel
"Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people." - John D. Rockefeller
"Money and fame made me believe I was entitled. I was wrong and foolish." - Tiger Woods
"During last night's debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other some political experts think that they may end up running together. In fact Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage." - Conan O'Brien
"Both my parents are English and came out to Australia in 1967. I was born the following year. My parents, and immigrants like them, were known as '&pound10 poms.' Back then, the Australian government was trying to get educated British people and Canadians - to be honest, educated white people - to come and live in Australia." - Hugh Jackman
"You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone." - Toni Morrison
"I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play." - Darrell Royal
"In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another." - Voltaire
"I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care." - Emma Thompson
"The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors." - Tony Robbins
"The first-born in every family is always dreaming for an imaginary older brother or sister who will look out for them." - Bill Cosby
"Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does." - Groucho Marx
"The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication." - Harold S. Geneen
"I hope everybody's had fun, because I've enjoyed my ride. I can tell you that. Now it's time to step aside and let some other young kid come in and win. Hopefully, they will, too." - Fuzzy Zoeller
"When I was waiting tables, washing dishes, or mowing lawns for money, I never thought of myself as stuck in some station in life. I was on my own path, my own journey, an American journey where I could think for myself, decide for myself, define happiness for myself." - Paul Ryan
"There are two insults no human being will endure: that he has no sense of humor, and that he has never known trouble." - Sinclair Lewis
"I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation." - Pharrell Williams
"We must then build a proper relationship between the richest and the poorest countries based on our desire that they are able to fend for themselves with the investment that is necessary in their agriculture, so that Africa is not a net importer of food, but an exporter of food." - Gordon Brown
"Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money." - Rush Limbaugh
"It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home." - Elizabeth Edwards
"I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work." - Linda Cardellini
"Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone." - John Maynard Keynes
"When you're happy you find pure joy in your life. There are no regrets in this state of happiness - and that's a goal worth striving for in all areas of your life." - Suze Orman
"Time's gradual touch has moulder'd into beauty many a tower which when it frown'd with all its battlements, was only terrible. " - Mason
"Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long." - Amy Grant
"It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life." - Elizabeth Kenny
"Movies have takes. But plays are like life - you don't really get takes." - Chris Rock
"Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family." - Virginia Satir
"The greater intellect one has, the more originality one finds in men. Ordinary persons find no difference between men." - Blaise Pascal
"I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge." - Chris Rock
"I regret to this day that I never went to college. I feel I should have been a doctor." - Ty Cobb
"Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending." - Jim Henson
"My first three years of high school, I wasn't that cool." - Jonathan Bennett
"Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things." - Edward Kennedy
"The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome." - Amanda Seyfried
"When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear." - Buddha
"The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance." - Lewis Thomas
"My faith has been the driving thing of my life. I think it is important that people who are perceived as liberals not be afraid of talking about moral and community values." - Marian Wright Edelman
"Competition among insurers would bring down the cost of health care insurance, just as it brings down the cost of car or homeowners insurance." - Andrew P. Harris
"We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear." - Charles Caleb Colton
"Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!" - Patrick Henry
"I have lots of records, quite a collection, actually, that I stole from my mom. I have the original 'Thriller' album and I have a really great 'Elton John's Greatest Hits,' and I also have a N.E.R.D. album. Records sound more original. They have more edge." - Elisha Cuthbert
"I just wish I could understand my father." - Michael Jackson
"End-of-the-world stories tend to ring true. I've always been drawn to them, but as I wrote my own, I found surprising pleasure in creating a world that is so radically changed, yet where there's so much meaning and value in every small and ordinary thing we have, and take for granted: hot showers, enough food, friends, routines." - Karen Thompson Walker
"At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable." - Christopher Reeve
"Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se." - Cate Blanchett
"If marriage can be redefined so that it no longer means a man and a woman but two men or two women, why stop there? Why not allow three men or a woman and two men to constitute a marriage?" - Keith O'Brien
"During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts." - David Bohm
"I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!" - Ashley Tisdale
"Wherever art appears, life disappears." - Robert Motherwell
"I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone." - Faith Hill
"What is marriage, is marriage protection or religion, is marriage renunciation or abundance, is marriage a stepping-stone or an end. What is marriage." - Gertrude Stein
"There was one thing my daddy wouldn't tolerate in any shape, form or fashion, and that was being unkind or rude to somebody. That was just very important to my folks. And as it turns out, that was a legacy that he left me that money can't buy, is how to be able to treat people." - Paula Deen
"Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Never have more children than you have car windows." - Erma Bombeck
"We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery." - Charlie Chaplin
"Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to bed. For no one can lay a hand on our dreams." - E. V. Lucas
"Prior to Wordsworth, humor was an essential part of poetry. I mean, they don't call them Shakespeare comedies for nothing." - William Collins
"Well, when I was a little girl we had 17 cats once. They all lived outside, and they kept having more kittens. My mom made us put little ribbons around each kitten's neck, put them in a wagon, and go door-to-door around the neighborhood to try to give them away." - Cheryl Hines
"Most people come to fear not death itself, but the many terrible ways of dying." - Polly Toynbee
"I mean in the South African case, many of those who were part of death squads would have been respectable members of their white community, people who went to church on Sunday, every Sunday." - Desmond Tutu
"Good fellowship and friendship are lasting, rational and manly pleasures." - William Wycherley
"We cannot improve on the system of government handed down to us by the founders of the Republic. There is no way to improve upon that. But what we can do is to find new ways to implement that system and realize our destiny." - Barbara Jordan
"Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder." - Lew Wallace
"That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments." - Jack White
"It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them. " - Eliot, George
"Whether it's 18 years old or 40 years old, we think we know what's going on. But if you're lucky enough to continue the journey, its amazing how we keep learning how much we didn't know." - Joe Namath
"The costume that I wear on the show is a little snug and doesn't leave a whole lot to the imagination. I don't have a problem with it because of the way this character's been written." - Jeri Ryan
"All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years." - Taylor Swift
"I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with." - Josie Maran
"Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America." - Ernest Istook
"Dreaming men are haunted men." - Stephen Vincent Benet
"Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former." - William Shenstone
"I'm nutty for nutrition. I've become one of those people who can't stop talking about the connection between food and health. Now that I know how much changing what you eat can transform your life, I can't stop proselytizing." - Robin Quivers
"How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children." - Charles Darwin
"I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go." - Jason Mraz
"Man is not logical and his intellectual history is a record of mental reserves and compromises. He hangs on to what he can in his old beliefs even when he is compelled to surrender their logical basis." - John Dewey
"Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility." - Richard Dawkins
"The existence of inherent limits of experience in no way settles the question about the subordination of facts of the human world to our knowledge of matter." - Wilhelm Dilthey
"We are near, very near, to an end to the eurozone crisis... The worst - in the sense of the fear of the eurozone breaking up - is over. But the best isn't there yet." - Francois Hollande
"Face it, I didn't become famous until I took my clothes off." - Jude Law
"For 50 years, acting was the reason I got up in the morning." - Jack Klugman
"I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches." - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
"Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's." - Will Rogers
"The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it." - Yoko Ono
"The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that." - Alan Shepard
"Nothing which is true or beautiful or good makes complete sense in any immediate context of history therefore we must be saved by faith." - Reinhold Niebuhr
"A life coach does for the rest of your life what a personal trainer does for your health and fitness." - Elaine MacDonald
"If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing." - Will Rogers
"And what is a stage dad, or a stage mom? It's someone who's protective. That's all." - Nigel Lythgoe
"Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs." - Saint Francis de Sales
"I realize that every picture isn't a work of art." - Conrad Hall
"In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes." - Andy Warhol
"The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil." - Thomas A. Edison
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself." - Thomas Browne
"Technological considerations are of great importance to architecture and cities in the informational society." - Kenzo Tange
"Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power." - Horace Mann
"That writer does the most who gives his reader the most knowledge and takes from him the least time." - Charles Caleb Colton
"Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator." - Joseph Murray
"Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it." - Pericles
"I do yoga, I do Bikram and I run, and I eat really healthy." - Lady Gaga
"My life had become a catastrophe. I had no idea how to turn it around. My band had broken up. I had almost lost my family. My whole life had devolved into a disaster. I believe that the police officer who stopped me at three a.m. that morning saved my life." - Trey Anastasio
"Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?" - Barbra Streisand
"The food in Sydney is an Asian Pacific cuisine. It's eclectic but above all it's fresh, inventive and creative and that's what I love about it." - Baz Luhrmann
"True, some land was bought by a few Cabinet Ministers. They bought the land. No minister, to my knowledge acquired land which was meant for resettlement." - Robert Mugabe
"As a kid, I'd go into the bathroom when I was having a tantrum. I'd be in the bathroom crying, studying myself in the mirror. I was preparing for future roles." - Adam Sandler
"Wealth is well known to be a great comforter." - Plato
"To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!" - Hugh Jackman
"I'd go down to the end of my street, to a garage that had a certain feeling about it, or a particular light I'd take a picture of a friend who needed a head shot. That's how I learned, instead of having school assignments and learning camera techniques." - Herb Ritts
"The only principles of public conduct that are worthy of a gentleman or a man are to sacrifice estate, ease, health, and applause, and even life, to the sacred calls of his country." - James Otis
"Yes, I still love 'South Park,' but I also love morning TV now." - Mo Rocca
"Be not simply good - be good for something." - Henry David Thoreau
"I think children learning to cook can be such a wonderful thing. It can help build confidence, make them feel good about themselves. It helped me build my ego and even start to get acceptance at school. I'd bring things to class that I'd cooked at home." - Giada De Laurentiis
"Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately." - Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"For a number of years, I'd been around the kind of people who financed movies and the kind of people who are there to make the deals for movies. But I'd always had this naive idea that everybody wants to make movies as good as they can be, which is stupid." - David Fincher
"I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels." - Pearl S. Buck
"I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another." - Jean Cocteau
"I try to become more humble and more myself with every year. There was a while when I got famous where I was so confused and my head was spinning." - Mira Sorvino
"Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction." - Daisaku Ikeda
"Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom." - Alexis de Tocqueville
"Hollywood is a suction for your confidence or your faith or your togetherness. Just walking on the street you can feel it." - Robin Wright Penn
"But I think it's up to a local congregation to determine whether or not a marriage should be blessed of God. And it shouldn't be up to the government." - Tony Campolo
"If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Everyone who feels stuck in the Obama economy is right to focus on the here and now. And I hope you understand this too, if you're feeling left out or passed by: You have not failed, your leaders have failed you." - Paul Ryan
"The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo." - Soren Kierkegaard
"If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?" - Robin Williams
"America's most dangerous diseases have developed an immunity to politics. We suffer not from a failure of political organization or power, but a failure of love." - Cal Thomas
"No matter how good you are at planning, the pressure never goes away. So I don't fight it. I feed off it. I turn pressure into motivation to do my best." - Benjamin Carson
"We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence of the good people." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"To me, we're marketing hope." - Joel Osteen
"Why do British people make such good TV? It's so annoying. Stop it. Is it because they have free health care? Uggh." - Elizabeth Meriwether
"It's fun to have money, but the more money I get, the less interesting it becomes. If you don't have very much, you have to think about it. If you are starving, you become interested in food. If you are struggling to pay the bills, money becomes tragically important." - Sebastian Junger
"Okay, when you start to fight for equality, like Anand did in 1995, you could end up losing game 10, like he did, without putting up any kind of fight." - Vladimir Kramnik
"None of us is guaranteed against failure or corruption of any kind witness what's going on in the world in this moment, the follies of human nature and the failures of human nature." - Morris West
"Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them." - John Boehner
"The history of Wall Street is inseparable from New York." - Ron Chernow
"A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part." - Redd Foxx
"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right." - Henry Ford
"And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset." - Pat Robertson
"Imagination is the eye of the soul." - Joseph Joubert
"Look, I worked with American Republican presidents and Democratic presidents, all of them, and each of them has shown a deep and profound friendship to Israel, you know? I can't remember anybody who was in that sense negative as far as Israel is concerned." - Shimon Peres
"When you do take the home pregnancy test, it doesn't quite seem real. But when you see the baby and the heartbeat on the ultrasound, it's so incredible." - Danica McKellar
"The actual truth about Gad is it's one of the original 13 tribes of Israel, so you can actually trace my lineage back to, like, those guys who had, like, a hand in the Bible and have since become very famous from that. So I come from very famous lineage. Granted, they didn't have cameras back then, so none of them had TV shows." - Josh Gad
"I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!" - Ken Hensley
"No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action." - Emma Goldman
"What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories." - Amanda Burton
"It's such a luxury to be able to be happy about going to work in the morning." - Joe Pantoliano
"Resting for me is fitness training." - Jenson Button
"In art as in love, instinct is enough." - Anatole France
"People don't follow titles, they follow courage." - William Wells Brown
"My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much." - Gwyneth Paltrow
"You know, a lot of people are just interested in, in building a company so they can make money and get out." - Arthur Rock
"I think Chinese leadership is trying to tell the world they have another set of logic or reasoning or values which are different from yours. Of course, I don't think they believe that. It's just an argument that's made when you can't confront the truth and facts. They really want to maintain power." - Ai Weiwei
"I like change. There's something Buddhist about it - continuous change is wonderful." - David Bailey
"I'm not angry, I'm not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that I'm more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well." - Calvin Harris
"If you scratch below the surface and ask what really makes me tick, it's the liberalism of trying to promote freedom and opportunity. Promoting social mobility is one of the keys to that." - Nick Clegg
"Universities exist to transmit knowledge and understanding of ideas and values to students not to provide entertainment for spectators or employment for athletes." - Milton Friedman
"Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius." - George Sand
"The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby." - Natalie Wood
"The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure." - John Locke
"Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I don't mind, I'm just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isn't really a mainstream anymore, is there?" - David Hockney
"For the first-time novelist you've got to get up at 5:30 in the morning and write until 7, make breakfast and go to work. Or, come home and work for an hour. Everybody has an hour in their day somewhere." - Ridley Pearson
"Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us concentrate our energy." - Denis Waitley
"I went to the doctor and he said I had acute appendicitis, and I said compared to who?" - Jay London
"I find forgiveness to be really healthy." - Ben Affleck
"To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them." - Genevieve Gorder
"I've always been homeschooled, so doing it on set is kind of the same thing. My mom makes it very interactive - we'll get a book on chocolate and learn how to make it, or she will buy antique items. I love military history, the mechanics and strategy of it." - Atticus Shaffer
"It was amazing that during rehearsals, without any of the costume on, the character was there complete. It just happened. Half the time, I didn't know I was doing it." - Peter Mayhew
"I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor." - Rod Stewart
"It is because the body is a machine that education is possible. Education is the formation of habits, a superinducing of an artificial organization upon the natural organization of the body." - Thomas Huxley
"My culture-deprived, aspirational mother dragged me once a month from our northern suburb - where the word art never came up - to the Art Institute of Chicago. I hated it." - Jerry Saltz
"Hiking is the best workout!... You can hike for three hours and not even realize you're working out. And, hiking alone lets me have some time to myself." - Jamie Luner
"I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge." - Robert Griffin III
"There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money." - Benjamin Franklin
"I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping." - Christian Louboutin
"What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams." - Marco Rubio
"Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action." - Frank Murphy
"Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness." - Anatole France
"Architecture and building is about how you get around the obstacles that are presented to you. That sometimes determines how successful you'll be: How good are you at going around obstacles?" - Jeremy Renner
"By the fourth grade, I graduated to an erector set and spent many happy hours constructing devices of unknown purpose where the main design criterion was to maximize the number of moving parts and overall size." - Steven Chu
"Universities exist to transmit knowledge and understanding of ideas and values to students not to provide entertainment for spectators or employment for athletes." - Milton Friedman
"Suffering, it turns out, demands profound imagination. A new future has to be conjured up because the old future isn't there anymore." - Rob Bell
"Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The alternative scene, for a couple years now, has been taken seriously and that's a cool thing. I don't think it's exploded or anything, but I think it's pretty cool that it still exists, it's still affecting people." - Bob Odenkirk
"If you look closely, there is no book more visual than Three Trapped Tigers, in that it is filled with blank pages, dark pages, it has stars made of words, the famous magical cube made of numbers, and there is even a page which is a mirror." - Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog." - Doug Larson
"Inflation is bringing us true democracy. For the first time in history, luxuries and necessities are selling at the same price." - Robert Orben
"I would think flying would be pretty cool. You would be able to fly away from all your enemies and get where you're going much faster. But being invisible? You probably wouldn't use that for the good of man." - Randy Johnson
"My dad knows the business, and he tells me I've got to do what's best for me." - Jamie Redknapp
"Under current law volunteers who are not working with an official nonprofit organization are not covered by the Volunteer Protection Act. Therefore, there are absolutely no legal protections for the average American who wishes to volunteer." - Jon Porter
"Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used." - Mike Tyson
"The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct." - Robert Anton Wilson
"Art is why I get up in the morning but my definition ends there. You know I don't think its fair that I'm living for something I can't even define." - Ani DiFranco
"God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools." - John Muir
"The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge." - Rene Descartes
"I refuse to admit that I am more than fifty-two, even if that does make my sons illegitima" - Astor, Lady Nancy
"Woe to that nation whose literature is cut short by the intrusion of force. This is not merely interference with freedom of the press but the sealing up of a nation's heart, the excision of its memory." - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
"You know, be able to do something great in your life, you're gonna have to realize your failures. You're gonna have to embrace them and figure out how to overcome it." - Dave Chappelle
"Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work." - Peter Guber
"The best way to know God is to love many things." - Vincent Van Gogh
"I realized that I was afraid to really, really try something, 100%, because I had never reached true failure." - Trent Reznor
"To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Government has no other end, but the preservation of property." - John Locke
"Most organizations should be pro-active, but philanthropists concerned with poverty should deliberately be reactive, learning from the efforts of ordinary folks who tired of looking the other way as their communities fell apart." - Marvin Olasky
"He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals." - Immanuel Kant
"If anyone is crazy enough to want to kill a president of the United States, he can do it. All he must be prepared to do is give his life for the president's." - John F. Kennedy
"At home it's all Batman and Star Wars and they do gang up on me. Sometimes I don't want to dress up as Darth Vader or play train sets, so I'll go out for a drink with the girls." - Sadie Frost
"It was in San Diego and I was onstage and couldn't remember how to play the guitar properly. I was in terrible pain and my nervous system was just going wild, like somebody had just run a car over me." - Andy Partridge
"Every morning I jump out of bed and step on a landmine. The landmine is me. After the explosion, I spent the rest of the day putting the pieces together." - Ray Bradbury
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Khalil Gibran
"I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married." - Elizabeth I
"When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think it's cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion." - Jean Claude Van Damme
"When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs." - Alanis Morissette
"Government does not create wealth. The major role for the government is to create an environment where people take risks to expand the job rate in the United States." - George W. Bush
"I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well." - Robert Benchley
"We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth." - Charles Stanley
"It's not cool to be an alcoholic." - Chester Bennington
"I had the experience last year of directing my first feature while I had a 1-year-old son and while I was also pregnant, so I am now well aware of the difficulties women who are rearing children face when they're also trying to make headway in mainstream of film." - Diablo Cody
"For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money." - Louis C. K.
"There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible." - Samuel Johnson
"Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others." - Amelia Earhart
"The United States dollar took another pounding on German, French and British exchanges this morning, hitting the lowest point ever known in West Germany." - Gordon Sinclair
"My main point is to be funny if I can slip a message in there, fine." - Flip Wilson
"However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts." - John Calvin
"Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly." - Anna Deavere Smith
"If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves." - Joseph Stalin
"I'm a better coach now than when I joined Celtic. The longer you stay in any job, the better you become. If you lose your drive, your enthusiasm, your imagination, that experience is no good." - Gordon Strachan
"I love Louisiana. It's amazing." - Johnny Knoxville
"There are three classes of men lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain." - Plato
"If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail." - Francis Quarles
"The belief that there are other life forms in the universe is a matter of faith. There is not a single shred of evidence for any other life forms, and in forty years of searching, none has been discovered. There is absolutely no evidentiary reason to maintain this belief." - Michael Crichton
"It really depends, but, generally speaking, just because of the mechanics of it, voice-over is easier because there is no hair, no makeup, no wardrobe, no fittings, no line memorizing. You don't have to me woken up in Russia at 6 in the morning and go film a scene. It's just easier on the body, the family life to do voice-overs." - Kathy Najimy
"I think when money starts to corrupt journalism, it undermines the journalism, and it undermines the credibility of the product, and you end up not succeeding." - Walter Isaacson
"I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God." - Jimmy Carter
"Indeed science alone may perhaps be sterile when pursued without an understanding of the world in which scientific knowledge is created and in which the fruits of science are used." - Polykarp Kusch
"There's something fundamentally wrong with a system where there's been 17 years of a Tory Government and the people of Scotland have voted Socialist for 17 years. That hardly seems democratic." - Sean Connery
"The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness." - Browning, Elizabeth B.
"Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other." - Marcus V. Pollio
"You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher." - Joan Cusack
"My father taught me how to substitute realities." - Mira Sorvino
"The realm of immediate or personal knowledge is a narrow circle in which these bodies move the realm of knowledge derived through faith is as wide as the universe, and old as eternity." - Matthew Simpson
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity." - Calvin Coolidge
"My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now!" - Vinny Guadagnino
"I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's already really good." - Dan Savage
"A fan sent me a letter and a $10 bill. It's a short letter - all she said was, 'Hey, since it's harder for you to go out these days without getting photographed, here $10 for a pizza.' I was like, 'Aww, she sent me money for a pizza so I could eat at home!'" - Zac Efron
"To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse." - Barbara Tuchman
"Most fathers don't see the war within the daughter, her struggles with conflicting images of the idealized and flawed father, her temptation both to retreat to Daddy's lap and protection and to push out of his embrace to that of beau and the world beyond home." - Victoria Secunda
"The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison." - James Cash Penney
"Early on, it's good to develop the ability to write. Learning to write is a useful exercise, even if what you're writing about is not that relevant." - Walter Gilbert
"When suffering comes, we yearn for some sign from God, forgetting we have just had one." - Mignon McLaughlin
"Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"The surprising thing is that I was not funny in high school. I was always jealous of the funny kids because they always got the girls. I couldn't tell a joke to save my life." - Seann William Scott
"I am probably the most selfish man you will ever meet in your life. No one gets the satisfaction or the joy that I get out of seeing kids realize there is hope." - Jerry Lewis
"I'm terrified of being too famous. What I'm really afraid of is that the audiences will go into the theater and not be able to forget that it's me, that fame will stand in the way of my acting. I want to keep being able to change into different shapes and different personalities." - Noomi Rapace
"Through all of history mankind has ingested psychedelic substances. Those substances exist to put you in touch with spirits beyond yourself, with the creator, with the creative impulse of the planet." - Ray Manzarek
"Maintaining healthy forests is essential to those who make a living from the land and for those of us who use them for recreational purposes." - Cathy McMorris
"Unable are the Loved to die For Love is Immortality." - Dickinson, Emily
"Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy." - Fred Upton
"If God wants us to do a thing, he should make his wishes sufficiently clear. Sensible people will wait till he has done this before paying much attention to him." - Samuel Butler
"Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works." - Steve Jobs
"I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst." - Hillary Clinton
"A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals." - Robert M. Hutchins
"There is a one woman in China that claimed she paid $50 to get my e-mail address. It was pretty shocking. I got one this morning from Scotland. A girl's requesting a signed photo of me." - Michael Phelps
"It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean." - Barbara Bush
"For electronica music, David Linton has been doing this series called Unity Gain, which is pretty cool." - Jim Coleman
"Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them." - Ron Wyden
"Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before." - Edgar Allan Poe
"The fact that The Bridge contains folk lore and other material suitable to the epic form need not therefore prove its failure as a long lyric poem, with interrelated sections." - Hart Crane
"Many a revolution started with the actions of a few. Only 56 men signed the Declaration of Independence. A few hanging together can lead a nation to change." - Wynton Marsalis
"Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I wanted to be a 150% entrepreneur and a 150% mom, and I found that I was having a very hard time doing both. I was about 75% and 75% - still better than 100%, but not what I was accustomed to at work." - Barbara Corcoran
"Sometimes people offer you plays, they offer you parts, but they only offer it because I'm famous." - Chris Rock
"My first marriage was very traditional, in the church, and then we left the church and went to the reception hall. So this time, I'd like to go fairy tale all the way." - NeNe Leakes
"For us, holding on to religious rules, and following them, and refraining from what's forbidden, and being diligent with our duties, what do we call that? That's what we call freedom." - Muqtada al Sadr
"Environmental protection doesn't happen in a vacuum. You can't separate the impact on the environment from the impact on our families and communities." - Jim Clyburn
"You come to work and you laugh all day, you go home and you feel light and there's a certain feeling when you're sitting with the audience and they leave after 90 minutes and it's just pure escapism and they're happy." - Gabrielle Union
"Should doubt knock at your doorway, just say to those skeptical, disturbing, rebellious thoughts, I propose to stay with my faith, with the faith of my people." - Thomas S. Monson
"Few things are impracticable in themselves and it is for want of application, rather than of means, that men fail to succeed." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny." - Hannah Arendt
"For true love is inexhaustible the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I'm not a food critic, and I'm not really an authority to write anything on food." - Alex Kapranos
"The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness." - Henry David Thoreau
"I was a bartender for a long time, so I know how to make drinks, but I'm more likely to offer them than to have them. I think this is one of the reasons why I get to live longer than my great-grandmother did, and why I get to produce more writing than she did, and why my marriage isn't in dire straits." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult." - Sarah McLachlan
"When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat." - Paul Prudhomme
"Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want." - Jennifer Aniston
"The knowledge that we have about what it is to be human that we have as a child is something we necessarily must lose." - Dennis Potter
"I wanted to be a great white hunter, a prospector for gold, or a slave trader. But then, when I was eight, my parents sent me to a boarding school in South Africa. It was the equivalent of a British public school with cold showers, beatings and rotten food. But what it also had was a library full of books." - Wilbur Smith
"For my convalescence, I had to exercise my voice only with vowels. It is a medical rule after a long loss of voice." - Nana Mouskouri
"In its famous paradox, the equation of money and excrement, psychoanalysis becomes the first science to state what common sense and the poets have long known - that the essence of money is in its absolute worthlessness." - Norman O. Brown
"We need somebody who's got the heart, the empathy, to recognize what it's like to be a young teenage mom, the empathy to understand what it's like to be poor or African-American or gay or disabled or old - and that's the criterion by which I'll be selecting my judges." - Barack Obama
"That which makes people dissatisfied with their condition, is the chimerical idea they form of the happiness of others." - James Thomson
"Tell me about yourself - your struggles, your dreams, your telephone number." - Peter Arno
"A bland smile is like a green light at an intersection, it feels good when you get one, but you forget it the moment you're past it." - Doug Coupland
"A good designer must rely on experience, on precise, logic thinking and on pedantic exactness. No magic will do." - Niklaus Wirth
"I think there is a real misconception about Indian food being super spicy. And I know that's because when you go into an Indian restaurant, it is pretty spicy. But it doesn't have to be. In fact, my husband can't handle a lot of heat. I've had to temper my cooking so that he can eat with me." - Aarti Sequeira
"My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful." - Alan Thicke
"For fools rush in where angels fear to tread." - Alexander Pope
"The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a traveler." - Franz Kafka
"I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening." - Larry King
"Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend." - Plautus
"I can't really define it in sexual terms alone although our sexuality is so energizing why not enjoy it too?" - Audre Lorde
"Selfishness, narcissism, being uncomfortable in your own skin, not feeling connected to the world around you, feeling dislocated from family and youth, having a strange relationship with your childhood - all those things feel really true to me." - Jason Reitman
"The waste basket is the writer's best friend." - Isaac Bashevis Singer
"Faith certainly tells us what the senses do not, but not the contrary of what they see it is above, not against them." - Blaise Pascal
"Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not." - Raoul Vaneigem
"There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age." - Sophia Loren
"Catholic school graduates exhibit a wide variety of qualities that will not only help them in their careers but also in their family and community lives." - Joe Baca
"My dad was a carpenter and I would work with him during the summer and umpire on the nights I wasn't playing." - Jim Evans
"Maybe it's our sins that give God consolation when he finally has to give us cancer." - Chuck Palahniuk
"I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom." - Felix Baumgartner
"I don't want to spend my life not having good food going into my pie hole. That hole was made for pies." - Paula Deen
"Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!" - Nikita Khrushchev
"I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn." - Leo Buscaglia
"The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power." - Alfred Adler
"Leaving home in a sense involves a kind of second birth in which we give birth to ourselves." - Robert Neelly Bellah
"I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone." - Peter O'Toole
"Like many of you, I've always been slightly obsessed with vampires, dating back to the prime-time series 'Dark Shadows,' which I followed avidly as a kid." - Bill Condon
"I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive." - Joan Rivers
"The experience of learning how to get straight to the core of a problem proved to be of immense value later when I had a long succession of responsibilities in large, complex government departments." - Elliot Richardson
"When you're happy you find pure joy in your life. There are no regrets in this state of happiness - and that's a goal worth striving for in all areas of your life." - Suze Orman
"If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets." - Maynard James Keenan
"I would go visit my mom on Sundays, and my brother was working on stuff. I'd go in there and sing a little melody, then we started working with words and the next thing you know it was just born organically without really trying." - Taryn Manning
"The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction." - Charles Spurgeon
"Understand why casinos and racetracks stay in business - the gambler always loses over the long term." - Marilyn vos Savant
"Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope this world of his is emphatically the place of hope." - Thomas Carlyle
"I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money." - Sammy Davis, Jr.
"Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful." - Albert Camus
"The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it." - Joan Rivers
"If you're a singer you lose your voice. A baseball player loses his arm. A writer gets more knowledge, and if he's good, the older he gets, the better he writes." - Mickey Spillane
"Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die." - Johnny Carson
"For me, titles are either a natural two-second experience or stressful enough to give you an ulcer. If they don't pop out perfect on the first try, they can be really hard to repair. Or, worse, if the author thinks they pop out perfect, but the publishing house does not agree, it's difficult to shift gears. And then? Then you go insane." - Sloane Crosley
"The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world." - Marianne Williamson
"A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty." - David Hume
"There are two great forces, God's force of good and the devil's force of evil, and I believe Satan is alive and he is working, and he is working harder than ever, and we have many mysteries that we don't understand." - Billy Graham
"Babies don't need fathers, but mothers do. Someone who is taking care of a baby needs to be taken care of." - Amy Heckerling
"Under these conditions it is not astonishing that learning was highly prized in fact, my parents made sacrifices to be able to give their children a good education." - Simon van der Meer
"I influenced the BG style by not being able to draw perspective. The BG artists developed cool graphic painting styles to make my bad backgrounds look like they were that way on purpose." - John Kricfalusi
"Money's a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet." - Henry James
"Every day I wake up and I lay in bed counting my blessings and saying my prayers for how fortunate I am to have great fans and health and family." - Luke Bryan
"I think it's important that, as a matter of course, the brain and spinal column were removed from this cow, and that would be the material that would cause concern in terms of human health. And therefore we're confident in the safety of the food supply." - Ann Veneman
"I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore." - Demi Lovato
"I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment." - George Orwell
"Death is the tyrant of the imagination." - Barry Cornwall
"I have very high expectations of myself. I'm a very competitive person but competitive with myself. I want to be the best that I can be and if that means that I'm eventually better than everyone else then so be it." - Wentworth Miller
"Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art." - Miguel de Cervantes
"I do not purpose to discuss faith in its dogmatic sense today." - Matthew Simpson
"Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be." - Martha Beck
"Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read." - Athenaeus
"Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?" - H. L. Mencken
"There is nothing wrong with men possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess men." - Billy Graham
"The most wonderful study of mankind is man. Relieving human suffering and diffusing universal knowledge is humanitarian." - Daniel D. Palmer
"Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance." - Kofi Annan
"Knowledge will forever govern ignorance and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives." - James Madison
"I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first." - Stephen Hawking
"We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal." - Tim Berners-Lee
"Intelligence is our first line of defense against terrorism, and we must improve the collection capabilities and analysis of intelligence to protect the security of the United States and its allies." - Saxby Chambliss
"The best mind-altering drug is the truth." - Lily Tomlin
"My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I." - David Cassidy
"Country was about character. Country's changed because of monsters like Clear Channel who bought up all the stations and sliced them up into formats. Our demographic is now the soccer mom." - Gary Allan
"To have a great man for an intimate friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it." - Homer
"I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams." - Miley Cyrus
"I was raised in Boston by three older brothers and a very strong and empowering single mom." - Eliza Dushku
"I was very happy being a secretary. I loved working for the government. I was very happy with my life." - Fawn Hall
"I stepped out on faith to follow my lifelong dream of being an author. I made real sacrifices and took big risks. But living, it seems to me, is largely about risk." - Jan Karon
"Funny is an attitude." - Flip Wilson
"I come before you to declare that my sex are entitled to the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." - Victoria Woodhull
"Friendship is a sheltering tree." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"I never refused an autograph, never refused to buy someone a drink. Now I'm learning to say I've got other things on, instead of doing it and wondering why." - Paul Gascoigne
"I'm always going to live in Texas. Texas is my home - it'll be my home forever." - Kelly Clarkson
"The hours we pass with happy prospects in view are more pleasing than those crowded with fruition." - Goldsmith, Oliver
"I wasn't some weird loner in school, but I definitely wasn't invited to any of the cool parties." - Paul Wesley
"Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man." - James Thurber
"If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, it's amazing." - Leona Lewis
"I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely." - Joseph Stiglitz
"Gay marriage has jumped out of the closet on to the front page. Everyone from the president of the U.S. to retired four-star general Colin Powell is embracing the issue, now supported by most Americans. Still, a few people, like former First Lady Laura Bush appear to be conflicted." - Kitty Kelley
"I have learned to live each day as it comes, and not to borrow trouble by dreading tomorrow. It is the dark menace of the future that makes cowards of us." - Dorothy Dix
"I love my mom. I totally look up to her, and she just doesn't let anybody take advantage of me. People might call that a stage mom." - Hilary Duff
"It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five." - Thomas Carlyle
"I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form." - Wesley Snipes
"There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money." - Kesha
"I bought a house for my mom, I bought a house for my dad, I bought a house for my sister." - Trey Parker
"If we define an American fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings, then there are undoubtedly several million fascists in the United States." - Henry A. Wallace
"Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence." - Erich Fromm
"After that he turned to the question of invading England. Hitler said that during the previous year he could not afford to risk a possible failure apart from that, he had not wished to provoke the British, as he hoped to arrange peace talks." - Kurt Student
"Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!" - Nikita Khrushchev
"Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention." - Deepak Chopra
"My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that." - Marco Rubio
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish." - Tony Robbins
"Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age." - Sinclair Lewis
"I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal." - Jane Austen
"Jazz is about freedom within discipline. Usually a dictatorship like in Russia and Germany will prevent jazz from being played because it just seemed to represent freedom, democracy and the United States." - Dave Brubeck
"There is no passion so contagious as that of fear." - Michel de Montaigne
"My mom never taught me to be waiting for some prince on a white horse to swipe me off my feet." - Tyra Banks
"Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!" - Lauren Conrad
"Keep what you have; the known evil is best." - Plautus, Titus Maccius
"Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes." - Hugh Prather
"I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone." - Cyrano de Bergerac
"If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do." - Michael Phelps
"Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?" - Sun Tzu
"A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists." - Honore de Balzac
"God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple." - Jean Claude Van Damme
"When I was first learning songs, I'd have a favorite song, and I'd take the chords and twist them around. I'd learn the chords and then play them backward. That was my first experimenting with writing a song." - Alicia Keys
"Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage." - Maria Callas
"Instead of seeing these children for the blessings that they are, we are measuring them only by the standard of whether they will be future deficits or assets for our nation's competitive needs." - Jonathan Kozol
"The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion." - Blaise Pascal
"Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places." - E. Joseph Cossman
"Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them." - Orison Swett Marden
"There's no wrong way to experience a film." - Vera Farmiga
"There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously." - Lope de Vega
"Slave to no sect, who takes no private road, But looks through Nature up to Nature's God." - Alexander Pope
"Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters." - Jesse Jackson
"In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk." - Rita Rudner
"I wasn't prepared to get a mammogram until I was 40 years old, like I'd been told. I never in my wildest dreams expected anything to be wrong." - Giuliana Rancic
"In the back of your mind, when you say you want to write music for the movies, you're saying that you want a big house, a big car and a boat. If you just wanted to write music, you could live in Kansas and do it." - Bill Conti
"Health economists have estimated that an injection of $250 million per year in Indigenous clinical care, and $50 million in preventative care, is required to provide services at the same level as for any other group with the health conditions of Indigenous Australians." - Malcolm Fraser
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." - Leo Buscaglia
"I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it." - Harriet Tubman
"Hitchcock had a charm about him. He was very funny at times. He was incredibly brilliant in his field of suspense." - Tippi Hedren
"A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"He is neither a strategist nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general. Other than that he's a great military man." - Norman Schwarzkopf
"With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasn't just about being noticed, you know?" - Mos Def
"Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage." - John Milius
"I like to have Chinese furniture in my home as a constant and painful reminder of how much has been destroyed in China. The contrast between the beauty of the past and the ugliness of the modern is nowhere sharper than in China." - Jung Chang
"A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life." - Jean Ingelow
"Before this learning experience, I had assumed that with regard to programs that sought to help people out of poverty, the political world was essentially divided into two camps: conservatives who opposed these for a variety of reasons, and liberals who supported them." - Barney Frank
"The ideal friendship is to feel as one while remaining two." - Sophie Swetchine
"Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms." - Irvin S. Cobb
"First, I prepare. Then I have faith." - Joe Namath
"A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless." - Simone Weil
"When man lives under government, he is fallen, his worth is gone, and his nature tarnished." - Adam Weishaupt
"Every child senses, with all the horse sense that's in him, that any parent is angry inside when children misbehave and they dread more the anger that is rarely or never expressed openly, wondering how awful it might be." - Benjamin Spock
"And I understand that, I testified in closed hearings over eight years because there are intelligence matters, there are sensitive matters that should not be held in a public hearing." - Louis Freeh
"Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons." - Michael Caine
"The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world." - Jerry Saltz
"One day I promised God that if he would give me my voice back I would never smoke again. I got three octaves back after quitting." - Mariah Carey
"It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing." - Herodotus
"A woman can bring a new love to each man she loves, providing there are not too many." - Marilyn Monroe
"My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never." - Duke Ellington
"We are sinful not only because we have eaten of the Tree of Knowledge, but also because we have not yet eaten of the Tree of Life. The state in which we are is sinful, irrespective of guilt." - Franz Kafka
"I keep my friends as misers do their treasure, because, of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship." - Pietro Aretino
"The seven wise men of Greece, so famous for their wisdom all the world over, acquired all that fame, each of them, by a single sentence consisting of two or three words." - Robert South
"I became alienated from this religious upbringing, and started making music. I wanted to be a big star. All those things I saw in the films and on the media took hold of me, and perhaps I thought this was my god: the goal of making money." - Cat Stevens
"It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking." - Julius Caesar
"The current leadership of the Labor party react to the idea that working-class students might study the subjects they studied with the same horror that the Earl of Grantham showed when a chauffeur wanted to marry his daughter." - Michael Gove
"Yes, women, and men, have to be open to love, because if we're not open then there's no way for us to find happiness. But you can be open to it and still have no control over when it's going to happen." - Debra Messing
"Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Why has it seemed that the only way to protect the environment is with heavy-handed government regulation?" - Gale Norton
"OK, so my parents were married in 1955 and my mom knew my dad was gay and my dad knew he was gay and so I was, like, 'Why in the heck did you get married?' Like, what was going on? What was that time? It's like this crazy paradox that my whole life is based on, or my family's based on. So I spent a lot of time trying to understand '55." - Mike Mills
"Whether one agrees or disagrees with the tactics of the Occupy Wall Street movement, it's easy to understand the inspiration for its anger as well as its impatience." - Eric Alterman
"Family, nature and health all go together." - Olivia Newton-John
"Faith is love taking the form of aspiration." - William Ellery Channing
"I don't come from a famous family and don't have this detachment from everyday people and everyday life. I'm just doing my job and the attention that comes with it is part of the territory." - Ed Westwick
"I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food." - Mark Hyman
"The facts are plain: Religious leaders who preside over marriage ceremonies must and will be guided by what they believe. If they do not wish to celebrate marriages for same-sex couples, that is their right. The Supreme Court says so. And the Charter says so." - Paul Martin
"Some say that I should settle down, go slower and not push so hard, so quickly for such transformational change. To them, I say that you misunderstand the size of the problems we face, the strength of the status quo and the urgency of the people's desire for change." - Eliot Spitzer
"The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden heaven is a playground." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics." - Galileo Galilei
"Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders." - Margaret Mead
"It is not unprofessional to give free legal advice, but advertising that the first visit will be free is a bit like a fox telling chickens he will not bite them until they cross the threshold of the hen house." - Warren E. Burger
"If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life." - Henry David Thoreau
"I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens." - Isaac Bashevis Singer
"He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed." - Lech Walesa
"I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America." - Alexis de Tocqueville
"Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive." - Victor Hugo
"The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little." - Max Lerner
"When you're 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when you're 21 and you've read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they weren't really good. OK, let's be honest. A lot of them were crap." - Patrick Rothfuss
"I went through this very serious Woody Allen phase in college and a little bit after college. I still see his movies." - Josh Radnor
"Funny is funny." - Don Rickles
"I remember my first test in F1. After five laps, I came back to the pits and tried to play it cool - 'Oh yeah, I'm fine, I'm on top of this' - but I was completely lost." - Sebastian Vettel
"In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period." - Edward Hopper
"To love beauty is to see light." - Victor Hugo
"Art is vice. You don't marry it legitimately, you rape it." - Edgar Degas
"Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality." - Adam Clayton
"No, I can tell you one of the first things that happens to a home secretary when they arrive in the job is that they are given a briefing about the security matters that they will be dealing with and I deal with security matters on a daily basis." - Theresa May
"Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed." - Peter Drucker
"I used to get criticized for putting food in novels." - Jim Harrison
"It's a great excuse and luxury, having a job and blaming it for your inability to do your own art. When you don't have to work, you are left with the horror of facing your own lack of imagination and your own emptiness. A devastating possibility when finally time is your own." - Julian Schnabel
"Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive." - Tim Allen
"More than anything else, let me be clear - we need to be willing to fight for freedom, and free markets, and traditional moral values. That's what the American people want to see this movement and this party return to." - Mike Pence
"I'm from Iowa, we don't know what cool is!" - Ashton Kutcher
"Oh, God, I struggle with low self-esteem all the time! I think everyone does. I have so much wrong with me, it's unbelievable!" - Angelina Jolie
"There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate, upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to discard." - George Washington
"For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'." - Billie Joe Armstrong
"My efforts in Congress are guided by the belief that environmental preservation and restoration are a critical part of the legacy we leave to future generations." - Sue Kelly
"There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again." - Clint Eastwood
"We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing." - R. D. Laing
"It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live." - Marcus Aurelius
"I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs." - Judy Collins
"It is not love that is blind, but jealousy." - Lawrence Durrell
"Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor." - Laura Linney
"Realizing that the majority of kids that get molested feel that it is their fault, along with shame, those kids have no idea what to say or do to try to report anything, and add that with the lack of education, it is a complete recipe for disaster that leads to non-reporting of molestation." - Sherri Shepherd
"Victory is everything. You can spend the money but you can never spend the memories." - Ken Venturi
"I'm a fun father, but not a good father. The hard decisions always went to my wife." - John Lithgow
"A man of genius has been seldom ruined but by himself." - Johnson, Samuel
"I had seen movies before that that had made me laugh, but I had never seen anything even remotely close to as funny as Richard Pryor was, just standing there talking." - Joe Rogan
"The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?" - Edgar Allan Poe
"If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal." - Badge
"Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years." - Simone Signoret
"My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot." - Little Milton
"There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose." - Kin Hubbard
"A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future." - Leonard Bernstein
"I went to drama school for four years at Carnegie Mellon, conservatory training before television comedy. I was doing Shakespeare and Chekov plays. It's about delivering on the promise of a $100,000 education and taking the shackles off and trying the hand at my craft. I'm thrilled with what I've seen so far." - Josh Gad
"History will point out some of the things I did wrong and some of the things I did right." - George H. W. Bush
"The very impossibility in which I find myself to prove that God is not, discovers to me his existence." - Voltaire
"Heaven takes care that no man secures happiness by crime." - Vittorio Alfieri
"Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience." - H. L. Mencken
"But my dad also was a remarkable man, a good person, a principled individual, a man of integrity." - Sidney Poitier
"Every man judges his own happiness and satisfaction with life in terms of his possession or lack of possession of those things that he considers worthwhile and valuable." - Meir Kahane
"I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective." - Joe Barton
"I grew up painting and playing piano so when I was a little kid I thought I was going to be an artist or a painter but my mom had me taking piano lessons for about 10-12 years as a young kid." - Mike Shinoda
"There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God." - Bill Cosby
"It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary." - David Bailey
"There's hope for everyone. That's what makes the world go round." - Paul Auster
"Not all is doom and gloom. We are beginning to understand the natural world and are gaining a reverence for life - all life." - Roger Tory Peterson
"Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear." - William E. Gladstone
"You know, I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman." - Carly Fiorina
"I don't believe medical discoveries are doing much to advance human life. As fast as we create ways to extend it we are inventing ways to shorten it." - Christiaan Barnard
"Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage." - Charles Luckman
"A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve." - Joseph Joubert
"We're involved right now in some very significant legal battles and it would be the wrong thing for me to do to step out in the middle of those battles." - Bill Scott
"Happiness is being on the beam with life - to feel the pull of life." - Agnes Martin
"Religion has caused more misery to all of mankind in every stage of human history than any other single idea." - Madalyn Murray O'Hair
"So I can't show you how, exactly, health care is a basic human right. But what I can argue is that no one should have to die of a disease that is treatable." - Paul Farmer
"That is now my mission: to provide a European vision of growth, employment, prosperity - in one word, our future." - Francois Hollande
"In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you." - Janet Jackson
"Humor expands our limited picture frame and gets us to see more than just our problem." - Allen Klein
"A sense of humor is good for you. Have you ever heard of a laughing hyena with heart burn?" - Bob Hope
"Our intentions may be very good, but, because the intelligence is limited, the action may turn out to be a mistake - a mistake, but not necessarily a sin, for sin comes out of a wrong intention." - E. Stanley Jones
"Looking back 25 years later, what I may say is that the facts have been far better than the dreams. In the long course of cell life on this earth it remained, for our age for our generation, to receive the full ownership of our inheritance." - Albert Claude
"Change is inevitable. Change is constant." - Benjamin Disraeli
"I had a dream, which was not all a dream.  " - Byron, Lord
"It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit." - William Makepeace Thackeray
"And History will smile to think that this is the species for which Socrates and Jesus Christ died." - Julien Benda
"More recently, as faith gave way to materialism, anti-Semitism assumed a secular mode, harnessing itself to the dominant ideologies of both the Left and the Right." - Jack Schwartz
"Make sure you never, never argue at night. You just lose a good night's sleep, and you can't settle anything until morning anyway." - Rose Kennedy
"Taking charge of your own learning is a part of taking charge of your life, which is the sine qua non in becoming an integrated person." - Warren G. Bennis
"Every one rushes elsewhere and into the future, because no one wants to face one's own inner self." - Michel de Montaigne
"God did not intend religion to be an exercise club." - Naguib Mahfouz
"No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions he had money as well." - Margaret Thatcher
"I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking." - Billy Corgan
"One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad." - Jim DeMint
"I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible." - Rupert Murdoch
"I don't think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one." - Lady Gaga
"If you have a level of expectation in your life that you have to be a quote-unquote star, whatever that means, you might be setting yourself up for failure." - Bryan Cranston
"I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality." - Mitch Hedberg
"I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world." - Lana Del Rey
"Observe all men, thyself most." - Benjamin Franklin
"I used to have a theory actually that, if you've had a good childhood, a good marriage and a little bit of money in the bank, you're going to make a lousy comedian." - David Steinberg
"I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good." - Chris Hemsworth
"Americans are free to choose everything from what they eat, drive and watch on TV to the President of the United States. Yet, when it comes to allowing Americans to choose the health insurance that works best for them and their family, the freedom to choose suddenly becomes un-American." - Ron Wyden
"Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling." - Margaret Lee Runbeck
"My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad." - Beau Bridges
"The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements." - Bryant H. McGill
"Giving birth was easier than having a tattoo." - Nicole Appleton
"Amnesty is as good for those who give it as for those who receive it. It has the admirable quality of bestowing mercy on both sides." - Victor Hugo
"I think what I do differently from a lot of TV chefs is that I break down barriers and make fine food more accessible to the regular person, who might be intimidated. I try hard, particularly with wine, to make it not intimidating. It's sort of a teaching job." - Ted Allen
"I feel connected to the Second World War because my father lost his father in that war. So, through my dad and the effect it had on him of losing his father young, I always felt connected to the war. It goes back years, but it still feels to me as if we're completely living in it." - Tom Hooper
"Money is just the poor man's credit card." - Marshall McLuhan
"Life is the flower for which love is the honey." - Victor Hugo
"Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity." - Yoko Ono
"Public discourse has been polluted now for decades by corporate-funded disinformation - not just with climate change but with a host of health, environmental and societal threats. The implications for the planet are grim." - Michael E. Mann
"It's easier to date a football player for sure. Football players have one game a week, and they practice every day, but they're all at home. In basketball, they're on the road all the time." - Khloe Kardashian
"Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them." - Frank Sinatra
"I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun." - Zac Efron
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is." - Horace Walpole
"I don't think we're going to save anything if we go around talking about saving plants and animals only we've got to translate that into what's in it for us." - Jim Fowler
"Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools." - Albert Einstein
"I am endlessly fascinated that playing football is considered a training ground for leadership, but raising children isn't. Hey, it made me a better leader: you have to take a lot of people's needs into account you have to look down the road. Trying to negotiate getting a couple of kids to watch the same TV show requires serious diplomacy." - Dee Dee Myers
"If I don't get paid I'm going to take a whole lot of Marshall amps home with me on the plane." - Tommy Chong
"Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic." - James Buchan
"It was like there was a pile of kindling that was in the back of my imagination just waiting there. Once I lit it, it just flared up and I kept getting ideas and ideas." - Kevin J. Anderson
"Success makes us intolerant of failure, and failure makes us intolerant of success." - Feather, William
"James Finch is exactly what I'm looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun." - Kurt Busch
"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement." - Golda Meir
"The principles we live by, in business and in social life, are the most important part of happiness." - Harry Harrison
"Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body it's truly love." - Giada De Laurentiis
"The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line." - Mencken, H.L.
"Mine are the deep-seated fears established when we are children, and they never quite go away: the fear of being helpless, the fear of being trapped, the fear of being out of control." - Virginia C. Andrews
"We do not look in our great cities for our best morality." - Jane Austen
"The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy." - Justin Timberlake
"I've lost my faith in science." - Bette Davis
"If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail." - Francis Quarles
"My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic." - Spike Milligan
"You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you." - Brian Tracy
"I grew up in a time when being a musician and learning to be a musician was actually very wonderful." - Bobby McFerrin
"I can make more generals, but horses cost money." - Abraham Lincoln
"Long gone are the days when hospital stays and surgeries made up the bulk of seniors' annual medical expenses." - Jim Gerlach
"No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual." - Christopher Walken
"The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
"You work on things and you have such faith in them while you're making them that everything feels special - in a way." - Guy Pearce
"If the experience of science teaches anything, it's that the world is very strange and surprising. The many revolutions in science have certainly shown that." - John Polkinghorne
"I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself." - Michael Fassbender
"Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul." - Will Durant
"For the last third of life there remains only work. It alone is always stimulating, rejuvenating, exciting and satisfying." - Doris Lessing
"The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique." - Minna Antrim
"I'm into very colorful food. Obviously lots of flavor, but I think we eat with our eyes first, so it has to look great. The presentation has to be great." - Giada De Laurentiis
"I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work." - Mitt Romney
"Hitchhiking was such a pure form of existence. You'd wake up in the morning, and you'd have no idea what your day was going to be. And that's something I've never been able to shake. I loved that." - John Hawkes
"Fame will go by and, so long, I've had you, fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was fickle. So at least it's something I experience, but that's not where I live." - Marilyn Monroe
"The new freedom of expression brought by the Internet goes far beyond politics. People relate to each other in new ways, posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception." - Peter Singer
"Well, I'm like a drug addict, I'm always saying I'm going to stop, and then I don't, what I've said consistently is that I hope I know when to stop: when it starts to get repetitive." - Stephen King
"Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions." - Paul Ryan
"I had no fun. My family was too serious." - Miuccia Prada
"It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo." - Gerry Adams
"I have a lot of health anxiety." - Charlie Kaufman
"Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized." - Leo Buscaglia
"You can map your life through your favorite movies, and no two people's maps will be the same." - Mary Schmich
"We need to shift from an economic organizing principle for human civilization, to a humanitarian organizing principle. Making money more important than your own children is a pathological way for an individual to run their affairs, and it's a pathological way for a society to run its affairs." - Marianne Williamson
"An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves." - Lydia M. Child
"I've been the co-chair of the Non-Partisan Women's Caucus and vice-chair for several years, taking a leadership role in this women's organization." - Gwen Moore
"I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Know then thyself, presume not God to scan The proper study of mankind is man." - Alexander Pope
"Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale." - Will Durst
"Faith always contains an element of risk, of venture and we are impelled to make the venture by the affinity and attraction which we feel in ourselves." - Dean Inge
"Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it most people aim at it, all people fear it, and few love it unless in themselves. A man must have a good share of wit himself to endure a great share of it in another." - Lord Chesterfield
"I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard." - Paris Hilton
"Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go so much further than people with vastly superior talent." - Sophia Loren
"Yet in this global economy, no jobs are safe. High-speed Internet connections and low-cost, skilled labor overseas are an explosive combination." - Bob Taft
"I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home." - Pierre Dukan
"To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly." - William James
"Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'" - Edgar Allan Poe
"All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing." - Moliere
"To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning." - Hermann Hesse
"As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as 'one of the faithful,' one of those people who can say, 'Well, look, something's going to happen! Let's just keep trying. Let's not give up." - Tom Hanks
"We decided to try in vitro, because both Peter and I felt we couldn't handle another failure. When I miscarried after that, we had to come to terms with the possibility that this wasn't meant to be." - Christie Brinkley
"God never made a promise that was too good to be true." - Dwight L. Moody
"We do not learn and what we call learning is only a process of recollection." - Plato
"It breaks my heart to see these young, really talented bands getting chewed up into the system. I remember a time if you'd signed to a major label it was such a sell out! But now... unless you've signed to a big label, you're a failure now." - Mike Peters
"How long before we have, not just homosexual marriage, but homosexual unions between adult men and small boys?" - Randall Terry
"We will have to give up the hope that, if we try hard, we somehow will always do right by our children. The connection is imperfect. We will sometimes do wrong." - Judith Viorst
"I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life." - Steven Seagal
"We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Yes, I do often write poems from the mind, but I hope I don't ignore feelings and emotions." - Anne Stevenson
"Life is lived on the edge." - Will Smith
"I never really got nightmares from movies. In fact, I recall my father saying when I was three years old that I would be scared, but I never was." - Tim Burton
"He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything." - Thomas Carlyle
"I think there's so much negative influence on children in school settings. It becomes learning by rote to pass a test. It's not contextualized." - Esperanza Spalding
"I've always liked Atlanta. And not just for the strip clubs, but the shopping and the food." - Jon Stewart
"Immortality Device has been tested and researched by medical researchers all over the world from time to time. They email me and told me what they found. I post their results sometimes on my site." - Alex Chiu
"Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool." - Prince
"I enjoy about 1 out of 100 movies, it's about the same proportion to books published that I care to read." - Jim Harrison
"In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball." - Michael Jordan
"It matters enormously to a successful democratic society like ours that we have three branches of government, each with some independence and some control over the other two. That's set out in the Constitution." - Sandra Day O'Connor
"Government is dysfunctional." - Michael Bloomberg
"Our challenge for the future is that we realize we are very much a part of the earth's ecosystem, and we must learn to respect and live according to the basic biological laws of nature." - Jim Fowler
"The rite of passage of learning to build a fire that will burn all night with one match is not an insignificant one in my husband's family, and I grew up camping and backpacking. I love to camp." - Sarah Wayne Callies
"Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle." - Sasha Cohen
"People go to car races to watch the crashes." - Johnny Knoxville
"Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door." - Charles Dickens
"Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love." - Gabriel Byrne
"My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There's an immediacy of this day and age that doesn't lend itself to being committed to anything." - Emily Blunt
"The F-word is 'famous,' the C-word is 'celebrity' and S-word is 'star,' in my book. The other three words are fine - you can say those. But 'famous,' 'celebrity' and 'star,' I think, are misused." - Shailene Woodley
"I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life." - Lalu Prasad Yadav
"I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome." - Ian Somerhalder
"Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work." - Lars von Trier
"Hash browns are my favorite breakfast food." - Rachel Bilson
"My dad died of a stroke." - William Shatner
"Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but that's because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection." - Richard Dawkins
"As long as the food is well prepared and not overdone, I think it tastes good. It doesn't matter if it's Chinese, Japanese, anything." - Martin Yan
"The reproduction of mankind is a great marvel and mystery. Had God consulted me in the matter, I should have advised him to continue the generation of the species by fashioning them out of clay." - Martin Luther
"We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"God sent Jesus as an example to see if we could retain and maintain the Holy Spirit in human flesh." - Benny Hinn
"Politics gets me out of bed in the morning It's what really interests me. I'm a competitor, but I also feel like I'm contributing, whether it's working on health-care policy in the White House or out here in Chicago." - Stephanie Cutter
"I'm learning as I go. I don't know everything. I never had anybody to look at, nobody ever taught me, and where I'm from I didn't have any famous role models." - Wale
"A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching." - A. Bartlett Giamatti
"I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person." - Amanda Bynes
"I have learned that acting is not about beauty." - Vincent Cassel
"I like very much to do movies." - John Malkovich
"I always do an all-night horror marathon on Saturdays where we start at seven and go until five in the morning." - Quentin Tarantino
"And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time." - Marco Rubio
"Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking." - Milton Glaser
"No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist." - Oscar Wilde
"You probably found 'How to Survive a Robot Uprising' in the humor section. Let's just hope that is where it belongs." - Daniel H. Wilson
"Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management." - John Doolittle
"I had been involved in U.S. intelligence in Berlin, Germany, while in the military and had worked with a contact with the Central Intelligence Agency office there." - George J. Mitchell
"You know, American citizens, I don't think, ever thought that the right to the pursuit of happiness did not include the right to marry the person you love. But for a whole number of Americans, gay Americans, that happens to be true." - Andrew Sullivan
"If a guy is skilled at anything, that's attractive. There's something very primal about that and, sure, it can be as simple as figuring out the tip quickly. It's really cool when a guy tips 20 percent quickly and effortlessly so that when the check comes, he opens it and signs his name and done." - Danica McKellar
"In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity." - Konrad Adenauer
"I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself." - Tony Kanal
"Food should be raw, just the way God intended it!" - Carol Alt
"Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts." - Marian Wright Edelman
"America's greatness has been the greatness of a free people who shared certain moral commitments. Freedom without moral commitment is aimless and promptly self-destructive." - John W. Gardner
"People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices." - Katy Perry
"Catcher in the Rye had a profound impact on me-the idea that we all have lots of dreams that are slowly being chipped away as we grow up." - Judd Nelson
"Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today." - Maxwell Maltz
"Twenty million more have Chronic Kidney Disease, where patients experience a gradual deterioration of kidney function, the end result of which is kidney failure." - Xavier Becerra
"I want babies. I think I'll be a great dad." - Oliver Hudson
"The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment." - Warren G. Bennis
"Death is a commingling of eternity with time; in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time." - Goethe, Johann Von
"We're the biggest food and agriculture company in the world." - Dwayne Andreas
"Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next." - Gilda Radner
"Some of my high school teachers did remind me that I had an excellent imagination when it came to making up excuses." - David E. Kelley
"But it seems that the judging maybe they shouldn't at least see the practices all week long. That can taint the way they go into the judging and the outlook of what's going to happen, instead of just watching those four minutes and judging on those minutes alone." - Nancy Kerrigan
"The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait." - Les Brown
"When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I had only two things on my mind: Paul Newman and a ride home." - S. E. Hinton
"I sometimes have a horrible fear of turning up a canvas of mine. I'm always afraid of finding a monster in place of the precious jewels I thought I had put there!" - Camille Pissarro
"It wasn't a problem for me drawing humans although I had originally come to the studio with the idea that what I had to offer them was my knowledge in the drawing of animals." - Marc Davis
"A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that." - LL Cool J
"Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"There are days when I struggle with wanting to be a full-time, stay-at-home mom, and feeling guilty about that because I work." - Tori Spelling
"Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable." - George S. Patton
"I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially. People thought I was a little strange." - Charley Pride
"I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work." - Dominic Monaghan
"You ask any moviemaker what their favorite movie experience was, and they'll say it was one of the first ones, where everyone had to pitch in and do everything together, and you had to struggle." - Robert Rodriguez
"I'm extremely blessed to have the extraordinary mother that I have, and I don't mean Diana Ross, I mean the mother. My mom paved a road that didn't exist, as did Oprah." - Tracee Ellis Ross
"Miracles, in the sense of phenomena we cannot explain, surround us on every hand: life itself is the miracle of miracles." - George Bernard Shaw
"What a curious phenomenon it is that you can get men to die for the liberty of the world who will not make the little sacrifice that is needed to free themselves from their own individual bondage." - Bruce Barton
"I spent a year in that town, one Sunday." - George Burns
"I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature." - Muhammad Iqbal
"As a doctor, when I was minister of health and would go somewhere, little girls would come up to me and say, 'I want to be like you one day, I want to be a doctor.' Now, they tell me, 'I want to be president just like you.' All of us can dream as big as we want." - Michelle Bachelet
"Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome." - Rosa Parks
"I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America." - Lyndon B. Johnson
"The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness." - Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be." - Christopher Hitchens
"I used to hang out by the food table at parties because you don't have to talk to anybody. If you do then you can talk about the food." - Jennifer Jason Leigh
"Interior design is a business of trust." - Venus Williams
"The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food." - Mark Hyman
"You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'" - Jerry Seinfeld
"Never be a food snob. Learn from everyone you meet - the fish guy at your market, the lady at the local diner, farmers, cheese makers. Ask questions, try everything and eat up!" - Rachael Ray
"I often have said that to be a college president, you need a thick skin, a good sense of humor, and nerves like sewer pipes." - Gordon Gee
"If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure." - Phil McGraw
"Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone." - Deepak Chopra
"Steven Spielberg is unique. I feel that the kinds of movies he loves are the same kinds of movies that the big mass audience loves. He's very fortunate because he can do the things he naturally likes the best, and he's been very successful." - Francis Ford Coppola
"From my time in Health I know that choice empowers people lives." - John Hutton
"I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women." - Will Smith
"What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long." - Thomas Sowell
"There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark." - Rabindranath Tagore
"I'm going to take care of the man I'm with. I grew up in a household where my mum takes care of my dad - she cooks, she does everything - and that's the kind of girl I am." - Nicole Scherzinger
"Each of us brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values." - Sandra Day O'Connor
"As human beings we do change, grow, adapt, perhaps even learn and become wiser." - Wendy Carlos
"I have to make it my job to be careful with my family." - Liam Neeson
"The average husband enjoys the total effect of his home but is usually unable to contribute any of the details of work and organisation that make it enjoyable." - Havelock Ellis
"Well, first of all, we did lots of studies where we show practical intelligence doesn't correlate with G. We have probably two dozen studies that practical intelligence better predicts job success than IQ." - Robert Sternberg
"Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live." - Kathy Ireland
"I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else." - Nikki Cox
"In fact when you combine stem cell technology with the technology known as tissue engineering you can actually grow up entire organs, so as you suggest that sometime in the future you get in an auto accident and lose your kidney, we'd simply take a few skin cells and grow you up a new kidney. In fact this has already been done." - Robert Lanza
"Being gifted needs courage." - Georg Brandes
"Acting isn't for me. I don't like being told what to do. I'm more interested in set design, more visually driven." - Sofia Coppola
"The future of Conservatism lies in our beliefs and values, not by throwing them away. We need to shed associations that bind us to past failures, but hold faith with those things that make us Conservatives." - Iain Duncan Smith
"My mom is this liberal, feminist, Mormon powerhouse. I just love her to death." - Eliza Dushku
"When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife." - Prince Philip
"Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium." - Henry Rollins
"The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again." - Nora Ephron
"There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel." - Anthony Trollope
"We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements." - Tony Scott
"Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding." - Gian Carlo Menotti
"A man growing old becomes a child again." - Sophocles
"Japan actually is an aging population, and so as the population has aged, they have had a lot more problems with health." - Shigeru Miyamoto
"The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure." - B. C. Forbes
"God has been very good to me, for I never dwell upon anything wrong which a person has done, so as to remember it afterwards. If I do remember it, I always see some other virtue in that person." - Saint Teresa of Avila
"Movies are very subjective." - Jeff Bridges
"The frontiers of knowledge in the various fields of our subject are expanding at such a rate that, work as hard as one can, one finds oneself further and further away from an understanding of the whole." - James Meade
"The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leaders and followers... Leaders, followers and goals make up the three equally necessary supports for leadership." - Gary Wills
"I love theatrics and have a huge imagination: Why would I want to sit onstage and sing a bunch of ballads back-to-back?" - Christina Aguilera
"The job of training an Iraqi police force is one of the most important tasks being undertaken in Operation Iraqi Freedom. It is also one of the most difficult." - John Boehner
"If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness." - Don Marquis
"It's learning how to negotiate to keep both sides happy - whether it's for a multi-million dollar contract or just which show to watch on TV, that determines the quality and enjoyment of our lives." - Leigh Steinberg
"My last public performance for money was in 1967. For free, it was 1972, with the exception of two little one-shot, one-song things. But that's just for friends, out of friendship for the people involved, and also because it was fun." - Tom Lehrer
"The real goal should be reduced government spending, rather than balanced budgets achieved by ever rising tax rates to cover ever rising spending." - Thomas Sowell
"On the other hand, the American public possesses a great resilience and strength, and good risk communication strategies can tap into and even amplify those assets." - Patrick J. Kennedy
"Procedures outside the stadiums and in the parking areas still need to be optimized, for example so that emergency medical services can leave the grounds on their way to the hospital faster." - Otto Schily
"Under no stretch of imagination can war be regarded as an ethical process yet war, force, terror, and propaganda were the evolutionary means employed to weld the German people into a tribal whole." - Arthur Keith
"The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country." - Imelda Marcos
"It's funny I'm in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I don't fish, I don't hunt, I'm not that into sports. I can't fix a car. I think it's my point of view and the way I see the world." - Corey Stoll
"We needed to go back on the offense and offer clear leadership on Iraq." - Condoleezza Rice
"A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers." - Friedrich August von Hayek
"Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there." - Clare Boothe Luce
"Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away." - English Proverb
"I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food." - Michael Stipe
"It is not funny that anything else should fall down only that a man should fall down. Why do we laugh? Because it is a gravely religious matter: it is the Fall of Man. Only man can be absurd: for only man can be dignified." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"We ought to fly away from earth to heaven as quickly as we can and to fly away is to become like God, as far as this is possible and to become like him is to become holy, just, and wise." - Plato
"IN April 1882 my father died and I was at once whirled out of my land of dreams into a very different sphere." - Edward Carpenter
"I like jealous men. I love jealousy. I do." - Adriana Lima
"Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition." - Marilyn Monroe
"No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches." - Milan Kundera
"Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time." - Miguel Angel Ruiz
"The history of the last century shows, as we shall see later, that the advice given to governments by bankers, like the advice they gave to industrialists, was consistently good for bankers, but was often disastrous for governments, businessmen, and the people generally." - Carroll Quigley
"Ninety-eight per cent of laughter is nothing to do with jokes, which do not deserve to bear the weight of all the funny stuff in the world." - Arthur Smith
"Nobody could tell us or really had a very good idea, if there were a massive release of radiation, what kind of medical treatment people were going to need and this or that, or, indeed, whether there would be medical personnel around." - William Scranton
"As you look back at your life, there are just a million different things that have happened, just in the right way, to allow you to make your dreams come true. And you know, someone has all that under control." - Michael P. Anderson
"I only answer to two people, myself and God." - Cher
"An artist needn't be a clergyman or a churchwarden, but he certainly must have a warm heart for his fellow men." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Although becoming a singer was my plan A after first hearing Whitney Houston when I was 17, I started off with plan B by going to the teacher-training college that my dad went to. It was a slow coming of age." - Toni Braxton
"To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all." - Anatole France
"If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve." - Bindi Irwin
"Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like." - Arnold Bennett
"Whether it's a 16-year old girl, or a mom, or a guy, or anybody, as long as they come up and they're excited to meet me 'cause they've had some sort of relationship with something I've created, it's the coolest thing ever. It never gets old. It's awesome." - Andy Grammer
"Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory." - Claude Debussy
"I realised the bohemian life was not for me. I would look around at my friends, living like starving artists, and wonder, 'Where's the art?' They weren't doing anything. And there was so much interesting stuff to do, so much fun to be had... maybe I could even quit renting." - P. J. O'Rourke
"In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride." - Jonathan Sacks
"Money is the last enemy that shall never be subdued. While there is flesh there is money or the want of money, but money is always on the brain so long as there is a brain in reasonable order." - Samuel Butler
"We still believe in the America that is a land of opportunity and a beacon of freedom. We believe in the America that challenges each of us to be better and bigger than ourselves." - Mitt Romney
"In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists." - Hillary Clinton
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs." - Joe Baca
"One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim." - Henry Adams
"Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality." - Alanis Morissette
"A lot of people think Christianity is about always being perfect. It's actually the opposite of that. It's realizing that we're all humans, and that's why God sent his Son to this earth - to save people." - Billy Ray Cyrus
"Money is always on its way somewhere. What you do with it while it is in your keeping and the direction you send it in say much about you. Your treatment of and respect for money, how you make it, and how you spend it, reflect your character." - Gary Ryan Blair
"McVeigh's lawyer got him the death penalty, which, quite frankly, I could have done." - Jon Stewart
"My first car was an '84 Ford Taurus. It caught on fire from me trying to change the fuel pump, so that wasn't good at all. Dried leaves on the ground while I was trying to change the fuel pump. Don't do that. Do it on concrete." - T-Pain
"De Niro was a hero of mine. And Sean Penn. But I've realized I can't operate at that level of intensity. That's okay for movies. On TV, when you live with horror day in and day out, you have to protect yourself." - Christopher Meloni
"A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever." - Rowland, Helen
"So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel!" - Eddie Izzard
"To me, it's far more efficient to mobilize the imagination. It's far more efficient to hear a creaking step, for example, than to see the face of a monster, which usually looks ridiculous, and where you know that the blood is ketchup." - Michael Haneke
"Becoming a mom made me more contentious about expressing my true taste." - Edie Brickell
"The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery." - Frederick Douglass
"I like the guitar better these days. I like the bass, too, but it's hard to fit a bass amp in a small car." - Dee Dee Ramone
"Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character." - Albert Einstein
"All art comes from other art, and all immigrants come from other places." - Jerry Saltz
"Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence." - Pope John Paul II
"Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants." - William Osler
"The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness." - Henry David Thoreau
"Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning." - Samuel Butler
"If one were to bring ten of the wisest men in the world together and ask them what was the most stupid thing in existence, they would not be able to discover anything so stupid as astrology." - David Hilbert
"The thing that's cool about the recording booth is that it's so perfunctory, so cut-to-the-chase." - Ron Perlman
"Let your family, staff, and friends know that you're still the same person, despite all the publicity and notoriety that accompanies your position." - Donald Rumsfeld
"I developed a nutty attitude where I'd think, If some guy really loves me he doesn't care if I'm fat. I'd come up with all these stupid reasons why it would be OK to be fat." - Kirstie Alley
"Live the life you've dreamed." - Henry David Thoreau
"To succeed, one must be creative and persistent." - John H. Johnson
"China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States." - Paul Wolfowitz
"Let us banish fear." - Carter G. Woodson
"I grew up watching Monday Night Football with Howard Cosell and the other guys with my dad." - Lisa Guerrero
"The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me." - Meister Eckhart
"Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man." - James Thurber
"I constantly experience failure in that my work is never as good as I want it to be. So I live with failure." - Jeremy Irons
"It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"I have found having my dad as my North Star has worked well for me." - Tony Parsons
"My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person." - Janine Turner
"I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player." - Imran Khan
"I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions." - Barack Obama
"We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts." - William Hazlitt
"And in that I cannot send unto you all my businesses in writing, I despatch these present bearers fully informed in all things, to whom it may please you to give faith and credence in what they shall say unto you by word of mouth." - Owen Glendower
"I'm quite ignorant about fashion and I'm colourblind, so it's all a tad tricky. My only knowledge of that world comes through Christopher Bailey, whom I first met in 2008 when I did a campaign for Burberry that featured musicians, artists, actors and sportsmen." - Eddie Redmayne
"This is how psychiatry has functioned-as a kind of property arm of the government, who can put you away if your husband doesn't like you." - Kate Millett
"I think we all have blocks between us and the best version of ourselves, whether it's shyness, insecurity, anxiety, whether it's a physical block, and the story of a person overcoming that block to their best self. It's truly inspiring because I think all of us are engaged in that every day." - Tom Hooper
"Nigeria has had a complicated colonial history. My work has examined that part of our story extensively." - Chinua Achebe
"Humor comes from self-confidence." - Rita Mae Brown
"Our founders got it right when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature's God, not from government." - Paul Ryan
"I happen to agree with many of the liberal emphasis on compassion, justice and equality. I just disagree that it's the government's role to provide everything." - Rick Warren
"There are five things which no one is able to accomplish in this world:  first, to cease growing old when he is growing old;  second, to cease being sick;  third, to cease dying;  fourth, to deny dissolution when there is dissolution;  fifth, to deny non-being." - Buddha
"To pity distress is but human to relieve it is Godlike." - Horace Mann
"I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car." - Henny Youngman
"What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven." - Julie Burchill
"People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves." - Robert Collier
"Misdirected focus on paperwork, on procedures, and on bureaucracy frustrates teachers and fails to give children the education they need." - Christopher Bond
"I don't think it's government's job to find health care for people. I think it's the individual's job to find health care." - Ted Cruz
"I want to make wines that harmonize with food - wines that almost hug your tongue with gentleness." - Robert Mondavi
"To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives." - Denis Waitley
"Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that." - Corey Feldman
"Much of the debate over global warming is predicated on fear, rather than science." - James Inhofe
"It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion." - Ivan Pavlov
"I think people tend to see the bigger point, which is maybe not fitting in and feeling like you didn't have the childhood that you expected you would have, or that you felt lonely or struggled with drugs and alcohol or just that you were able to achieve your dreams." - Augusten Burroughs
"Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment." - Charles Stanley
"The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others." - Vincent Van Gogh
"You can't trust the internet." - Nicolette Sheridan
"I know from my own personal experience. I was bullied in middle school and high school and went through my fair share of hard times thereafter. Also, one of my really good friends committed suicide when I was in high school." - Brittany Snow
"I have the most amazing support network around me." - Jenny Frost
"Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race." - H. G. Wells
"Books that distribute things... with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again." - Marsilio Ficino
"People say I'm not good at writing about men. My dad left when I was 16. Give me a break. I'm doing the best I can." - Jennifer Weiner
"I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way." - Juliette Binoche
"Just the actual physical ability to hold four instruments simultaneously and do some of the things that Vivien was able to do is mind blowing to any surgeon. He never went to medical school and he became one of the great teachers of medicine himself, people are just amazed." - Mary Stuart Masterson
"My parents' marriage was very rocky. They were always arguing. When they split up when I was in my 20s, my brother and I were both delighted because we knew they weren't good for each other." - Gail Porter
"I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best." - Walt Whitman
"When the people become involved in their government, government becomes more accountable, and our society is stronger, more compassionate, and better prepared for the challenges of the future." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"As you watch the world crumble, try taking your Armageddon with this sprinkling of irony: Over the last three decades, business has got virtually everything it wanted, and its doomsday scenario from the 1970s has come true because of it." - Thomas Frank
"The Founders recognized that Government is quite literally a necessary evil, that there must be opposition, between its various branches, and between political parties, for these are the only ways to temper the individual's greed for power and the electorates' desires for peace by submission to coercion or blandishment." - David Mamet
"It wasn't a secret that I was gay. I'd come out to my parents during my junior year of high school, on the day that I also wrecked the family car." - Mary Cheney
"Never in our country's history have we witnessed a natural disaster that has impacted so many people in such a wide area. In fact, as of the writing of this column, millions of people along the Gulf Coast have been displaced from their homes in a period of only five days." - Jo Bonner
"The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man." - Ho Chi Minh
"Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have." - Walter Pater
"Love is blind friendship closes its eyes." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It's been very hard, after being mostly a mom, to develop an adult life of my own. And not being married anymore, I have to come up with challenges." - Danielle Steel
"The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men." - Plato
"The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease." - Voltaire
"If thou be industrious to procure wealth, be generous in the disposal of it.  Man never is so happy as when he giveth happiness unto another." - Akhenaton
"I never threatened him and no Syrian intelligence officer has ever pointed a gun to his head." - Rafik Hariri
"My view is that good community management is like having good municipal government: You should be able to have dissenting opinions and so on, freedom of speech, but your grandmother should also be able to walk down the street at night without having to worry about getting mugged." - Jimmy Wales
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up." - Woody Allen
"I love the Beatles. I haven't named any kids after them but I still really love them. They were the first group that I was ever properly aware of. In my early teens I would sometimes stay in and listen to the radio all day in the hope that I would catch a song by them that I'd never heard before and be able to tape it on my radio-cassette player." - Jarvis Cocker
"Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness." - Marcel Proust
"People who shop in health food stores never look healthy." - Amy Sedaris
"The fastest way to break the cycle of perfectionism and become a fearless mother is to give up the idea of doing it perfectly - indeed to embrace uncertainty and imperfection." - Arianna Huffington
"If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery." - Horace Mann
"Environmental quality was drastically improved while economic activity grew by the simple expedient of removing lead from gasoline - which prevented it from entering the environment." - Barry Commoner
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
"Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people." - Bob Dylan
"Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures." - Paul D. Boyer
"The course of true love never did run smooth." - Shakespeare, William
"France is delighted at this new opportunity to show the world that when one has the will one can succeed in joining peoples who have been brought close by history." - Francois Mitterrand
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?" - Lily Tomlin
"Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom." - Plato
"You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure." - Zig Ziglar
"The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet." - Theodore Hesburgh
"Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on." - Christina Aguilera
"Hydraulic fracturing requires massive amounts of water. Disposing of the toxic wastewater, as well as accidental spills, can contaminate drinking water and harm human health." - David Suzuki
"If adolescent pregnancy prevention is to become a priority, then our strategy, as advocates, must contain two key elements: civic engagement and education." - Jane Fonda
"As for doing good that is one of the professions which is full. Moreover I have tried it fairly and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agree with my constitution." - Henry David Thoreau
"Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?" - Voltaire
"If you have not chosen the Kingdom of God first, it will in the end make no difference what you have chosen instead." - William Law
"A good sense of humor will get you everywhere." - Josh Bowman
"Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art." - Jerry Saltz
"Governments never learn. Only people learn." - Milton Friedman
"The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one." - M. Scott Peck
"My desire to curtail undue freedom of speech extends only to such public areas as restaurants, airports, streets, hotel lobbies, parks, and department stores. Verbal exchanges between consenting adults in private are as of little interest to me as they probably are to them." - Fran Lebowitz
"When hope is not pinned wriggling onto a shiny image or expectation, it sometimes floats forth and opens." - Anne Lamott
"Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.'" - Marilyn Manson
"With the counseling of my family doctor, my mother ended up turning to Weight Watchers and their children's program. I went to weekly meetings, got counseling and would exercise with my peers who were my size. It was the first time I saw a proper children's portion size, and it wasn't two burgers, it was one." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"Nothing you write, if you hope to be good, will ever come out as you first hoped." - Lillian Hellman
"You always pass failure on your way to success." - Mickey Rooney
"Although awareness of cancer's prevalence in the United States improves and medical advances in the field abound, pancreatic cancer has largely been absent from the list of major success stories." - Chris Van Hollen
"I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it." - Frank A. Clark
"Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat." - Craig Bruce
"The earth is my altar, the sky is my dome, mind is my garden, the heart is my home and I'm always at home - yea, I'm always at Om." - Eden Ahbez
"Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Every American has a right to affordable, high-quality health care." - Max Baucus
"There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge." - Michel de Montaigne
"Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman." - Stephen Moyer
"Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time." - Jean Paul
"The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability." - Ronnie James Dio
"Mitt - what I speak to Mitt Romney about is jobs. What I speak to Mitt Romney about is China, because he's got a great view on China and how they're trying to destroy our country by taking our jobs and making our product and manipulating their currency, so that it makes it almost impossible for our companies to compete." - Donald Trump
"God gave me life to continue to do things that I would never have done." - Stevie Wonder
"Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness." - Billy Graham
"When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12." - Jordin Sparks
"Marriage equality changed life for people." - Andrew Cuomo
"When you get to fifty-two food becomes more important than sex." - Tom Lehrer
"All I try to do is create an atmosphere that seems comfortable enough, that it removes tension and everyone feels free. If they feel free then behaviour happens, small moments happen and that's what ultimately works the best for me." - Barry Levinson
"Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation." - Walt Disney
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nat" - Beecher, Harriet Ward
"Everything is just better in California - the wine, the food, fruits and vegetables, the comforts of living. Even the instrumentalists are generous and curious. Everything is wonderful." - Beth Anderson
"The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him." - Socrates
"Obama is capable - as evidenced by his first-term success with health care reform. But mandate-building requires humility, a trait not easily associated with him." - Ron Fournier
"I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied." - Robert Mapplethorpe
"I remember my dad, who coached football, would buy some of his players football shoes when they couldn't afford it." - Chaske Spencer
"Experience alone can give a final answer. The knowledge gained in a few years by a commission of the kind suggested would be worth more than volumes of mere assertions and contradictions." - John Bates Clark
"We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence." - Joseph Roux
"The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same." - Hugh Hefner
"Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have it depends solely on what you think." - Dale Carnegie
"I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally." - Calvin Trillin
"I stay in tune with my family and God." - Regina King
"We are watching industries crumble, Wall Street firms disappear, unemployment spike, and unprecedented government intervention. And our designated opinion leaders want to know: Is Obama up this week? Is he down? And is his leadership style more like Bill Clinton's, or Abraham Lincoln's?" - Thomas Frank
"My heart goes out to the brave citizens of Syria, who each day risk and even sacrifice their lives to achieve freedom from a murderous regime. We in Israel welcome the historic struggle to forge democratic, peace-loving governments in our region." - Shimon Peres
"Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory." - Norman Vincent Peale
"I can't deliver lines, but I can talk about food all night long." - Tom Colicchio
"From age 16, I lived and breathed wine. I read every magazine and book about wine." - Gary Vaynerchuk
"I never regret anything. Because every little detail of your life is what made you into who you are in the end." - Drew Barrymore
"Dallas' hit a chord back in the late Seventies and Eighties because it was the age of greed: here you have this unapologetic character who is mean and nasty and ruthless and does it all with an evil grin. I think people related to JR back then because we all have someone we know exactly like him. Everyone in the world knows a JR.;Larry Hagman;age
586;I've never been more in love with anyone nearly half my age than I am today. I'd get married in a minute if I weren't still married to somebody else.;Rod Stewart;age
587;At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.;Rod Stewart;age
588;I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really.;David Bailey;age
589;My best friend just had a baby, and she's my age. So I'm a godmom now, which is crazy.;Kristen Stewart;age
590;I think I'm a bit less inhibited, and not thinking too much before speaking. It's not about being shameful, I'm just a bit more unabashedly myself because of this thing, and it probably started at age 15. I can be around people and say what I think without fear.;Kristen Stewart;age
591;At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.;Jessica Lange;age
592;TV is sort of the only way to go for an actress my age to make a decent salary with independent films, you just can't.;Jessica Lange;age
593;Memory in youth is active and easily impressible in old age it is comparatively callous to new impressions, but still retains vividly those of earlier years.;Charlotte Bronte;age
594;At its best our age is an age of searchers and discoverers, and at its worst, an age that has domesticated despair and learned to live with it happily.;Flannery O'Connor;age
595;Study after study confirms that even when you control for variables like profession, education, hours worked, age, marital status, and children, men still are compensated substantially more - even in professions, like nursing, dominated by women. No wonder there's a gender gap.;Dee Dee Myers;age
596;I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.;Brandon Boyd;age
597;I always wanted to be a designer. I read books on fashion from the age of 12.;Alexander McQueen;age
598;When I was a little kid I used to play with guys twice my age, so, I was the last one picked, so if I picked I knew that I had to get the ball to the scorer if I wanted to stay on the court, so that was pretty much my job.;Jason Kidd;age
599;We have become a society that can't self-correct, that can't address its obvious problems, that can't pull out of its nosedive. And so to our list of disasters let us add this fourth entry: we have entered an age of folly that - for all our Facebooking and the twittling tweedle-dee-tweets of the twitterati - we can't wake up from.;Thomas Frank;age
600;The divine right of husbands, like the divine right of kings, may, it is hoped, in this enlightened age, be contested without danger.;Mary Wollstonecraft;age
601;In every age there has been a stream of popular opinion that has carried all before it, and given a family character, as it were, to the century.;Mary Wollstonecraft;age
602;Look, demanding somebody do anything in this day and age is not going to fly.;John Mayer;age
603;I was very successful from a very early age, and I want to keep it.;John Mayer;age
604;When you get to a certain age, there is no coming back.;Brian Clough;age
605;Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.;Willa Cather;age
606;I would always encourage people of any age not to be so quick to follow other people's truths but to search and follow your own moral code and live by your own integrity, and mostly just be brave.;Jewel;age
607;I don't believe in happy endings, but I do believe in happy travels, because ultimately, you die at a very young age, or you live long enough to watch your friends die. It's a mean thing, life.;George Clooney;age
608;Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;age
609;You can have a spiritual awakening and discover a new side of you at any age. And best of all, love can happen at any age. Life can just start to get exciting when you're in your 40s and 50s. You have to believe that.;Salma Hayek;age
610;America doesn't reward people of my age, either in day-to-day life or for their performances.;Meryl Streep;age
611;I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.;Evel Knievel;age
612;I think I'm past the age of getting lost.;Amanda Seyfried;age
613;I conceived in art college at the age of 20, near the end of term.;Joni Mitchell;age
614;I've been screaming at the top of my lungs at my family, 'Work out! Work out! Old age is coming!" - Cher
"But what is after all the happiness of mere power? There is a greater happiness possible than to be lord of heaven and earth that is the happiness of being truly loved." - Lafcadio Hearn
"Work alone is noble." - Thomas Carlyle
"Children make your life important." - Erma Bombeck
"Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better. " - Shakespeare, William
"I think I'm a combination of very simple pleasures and the fact I've read a lot of books. I don't think it's a binary opposition across the board in humans and I think I'm an example that it's not. I'm hosting gay marriage rallies and I have tons of guns at home. There's a lot of middle ground in the world and I'm one of those people." - Dax Shepard
"Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
"I'm somebody who doesn't work with a stylist. I'll be honest with you, I'm a mom and it's just not something I want to put money toward because it's expensive to have somebody who helps dress you and I feel like I have to pay for preschool and so many things... so I don't have a stylist." - Busy Philipps
"I do a lot of curiosity buying I buy it if I like the album cover, I buy it if I like the name of the band, anything that sparks my imagination. I still like to go to record stores, I like to just wander around and I'll buy whatever catches my attention." - Bruce Springsteen
"The arrival of any child brings you a lot of happiness." - Seal
"In my own life, I decided to leave meat off my plate in medical school, but was a bit slow to realise that dairy products and eggs are not health foods either." - Neal Barnard
"Robots have a rich and storied history in movies." - John Podhoretz
"You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain." - Terry Bradshaw
"Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind." - Mick Jagger
"Prior to passage of Obamacare, Americans spoke out against the individual mandate they didn't want to change the health care they had they didn't want a 3,000-page bill that empowered 15 Washington bureaucrats to decide the future of the doctor-patient relationship." - Fred Upton
"The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage." - Thucydides
"A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success." - Robert Orben
"The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true." - J. Robert Oppenheimer
"My normal cycle for movies is eighteen months and each part is separate." - M. Night Shyamalan
"Successful crimes alone are justified." - John Dryden
"They think they can make fuel from horse manure - now, I don't know if your car will be able to get 30 miles to the gallon, but it's sure gonna put a stop to siphoning." - Billie Holiday
"A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert, and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me, then makes it into clothes. I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored." - Kesha
"That's why I wanted to be part of this AIDS Project Los Angeles party. We help raise funds for those who are having a tough time with some very basic necessities, like shelter, food, and medical care." - Brande Roderick
"If you believe that the killing of innocent people is right, then you are not part of my future." - King Abdullah II
"To wish to be well is a part of becoming well." - Seneca
"If you're a singer you lose your voice. A baseball player loses his arm. A writer gets more knowledge, and if he's good, the older he gets, the better he writes." - Mickey Spillane
"I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it." - Steve Martin
"Today a reader, tomorrow a leader." - Margaret Fuller
"I like a man who can be a real friend, has a good sense of humor, a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card." - Victoria Beckham
"Man, as long as he lives, is immortal. One minute before his death he shall be immortal. But one minute later, God wins." - Elie Wiesel
"We are spending most of our time in American health care fixing the mistakes that either we in the profession are causing or our patients are, without recognizing it, causing to themselves." - Mehmet Oz
"I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women." - Marilyn Monroe
"China and India will take the global leadership on climate change: they are suffering for it." - Malcolm Turnbull
"I've always been a bit of a car freak." - Eric Bana
"When my father died in my arms it had such a profound affect on me that at that very moment when my dad passed I realized that I needed to face my own fears." - Criss Angel
"Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired." - Gustave Courbet
"My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him." - Amy Sedaris
"I grew up in an abusive home and was told on a daily basis by my father that I would never amount to anything and that I looked like a boy." - Janice Dickinson
"The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again." - Nora Ephron
"I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that." - Mitch Hedberg
"Even if I tried to be my dad, it would be a mediocre, slightly embarrassing version." - Jason Ritter
"Women today have more of an overview of their lives and how marriage is or is not a part of it." - Helen Reddy
"Making movies is a way of understanding myself and the world." - Ang Lee
"I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys." - Willie Nelson
"One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy." - Al Yankovic
"In the mind, in the heart, I was always home. I always imagined, really, going back home." - Miriam Makeba
"It was funny actually because that was still during the time we were dating. He would get all these calls because supposedly before we broke up, we had already broken up in the trades, in the rags or whatever." - Rosario Dawson
"But most good movies have a gun in them." - David Sedaris
"My job is to interpret the law based on how the legislature and the court has done it and then, of course, to use our system of justice to develop some new legal tools and new concepts." - Bill Scott
"Imagine if the pension funds and endowments that own much of the equity in our financial services companies demanded that those companies revisit the way mortgages were marketed to those without adequate skills to understand the products they were being sold. Management would have to change the way things were done." - Eliot Spitzer
"When my son was born, and after a day of lying-in I was told that I could leave the hospital and take him home, I burst into tears. It wasn't the emotion of the moment: it was shock and horror." - Susan Orlean
"Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm." - Jean Paul
"My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things." - Clarence Thomas
"Hope is a waking dream." - Aristotle
"An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all." - Paul Cezanne
"We all learn in school that the judicial, legislative and executive branches of government must check and balance each other. But other non state institutions must participate in this important system of checks and balances as well. These checking institutions include the academy, the media, religious institutions and NGOs." - Alan Dershowitz
"I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool." - Cheryl Cole
"All is connected... no one thing can change by itself." - Paul Hawken
"But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. I just dragged myself through GCSE and A Levels, so it suited me very much to go on to drama school, which was very active." - Amanda Burton
"The Dance Scene' is basically the most amazing dance show in the world, and it follows me as a creative director. You see how I maintain that creativity.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
2424;I think dance is amazing because what people don't realize is like when you dance your spirit and your soul get ignited. You're not only releasing endorphins, but also your spirit is awakening. It makes you feel good and happy.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
2425;Pilates is amazing, my posture is so much better and I'm even starting to get muscles on my tummy - it's incredible.;Kelly Osbourne;amazing
2426;I enjoyed being a teammate of Deion Sanders. He brings different elements to the game that many people would not even realize, and to watch and witness a superior talent like him and watch him prepare and train, and study the game is truly amazing.;Emmitt Smith;amazing
2427;Birdie is amazing and such an incredible child and I'm having such a great time being a mom but I still want to have a career and I still look forward to auditions and parts, and when I don't get them I'm disappointed.;Busy Philipps;amazing
2428;I get to do the most amazing things. We call it Host in Peril quite often, because people love to see me risk my life or be in danger.;Rick Mercer;amazing
2429;My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.;Hilary Duff;amazing
2430;I guess winning an Oscar is the ultimate dream. A lot of amazing actors go their whole career without even being nominated. So that would definitely be a goal to reach. It's a difficult one, but I'm aiming for it!;Taylor Lautner;amazing
2431;I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.;Matthew Morrison;amazing
2432;It's pretty amazing being me.;Matthew Morrison;amazing
2433;Let me tell you, Barack Obama is the most down dude in the world, but he's so smart so articulate, such an amazing speaker such a passionate man. He's humble.;Marlon Wayans;amazing
2434;It's amazing how fast generations lose sight of other generations. One of the first things the young composers who come to work with me say is that they want to write music people will like, instead of gaining their credentials by being rejected by the audience.;Carlisle Floyd;amazing
2435;I always use my husband's cocoa butter stuff. He has amazing skin!;Idina Menzel;amazing
2436;My wife is amazing. She had to know she was getting into a heap of trouble when we met.;Taylor Hanson;amazing
2437;I love getting dressed up. Being a pop star is the most brilliant job for that. A lot of girls love shopping, but they might see the most amazing outfit and think, 'When am I going to wear that?', so it's my duty to exploit the fact I do have events I can wear these things to.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;amazing
2438;I have an amazing relationship with food.;Katharine McPhee;amazing
2439;I've been very fortunate to be able to jump around. I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World. That was a real, amazing, dramatic story. Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs.;Sigourney Weaver;amazing
2440;I wore my first pair of Louboutins during this press tour. It was absolutely amazing, they weren't heels, they were little shoes, but they were velvet and they were blue.;Chloe Moretz;amazing
2441;I jetset around and play these songs and get to hang with some pretty amazing people, then I go home to a really great farm, though actually it's a disaster area of a farm at the moment. But it's certainly a blast. I wouldn't trade lives with anyone right now.;Brad Paisley;amazing
2442;It feels amazing to work with writers that write really well.;Giancarlo Esposito;amazing
2443;So, you know, parenting is a very intimate and amazing experience and one of the best experiences of my life.;Uma Thurman;amazing
2444;My sister, she's amazing. She sort of inspired me to take this journey to Latin America.;Jenna Bush;amazing
2445;Well, there are better cartoonists now than there ever have been. I firmly believe that. There's some amazing work being done.;Chris Ware;amazing
2446;I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing.;Beyonce Knowles;amazing
2447;George Clooney is a super-human, he's just such an amazing human being, he taught me how to be a better person and a better actor!;Shailene Woodley;amazing
2448;I mean, I've always said I have an amazing team and network of friends and people that I work with that, you know, inspire me and enable me to do what I do.;Alexander Wang;amazing
2449;I had an amazing experience working with great people. I had a great family, a typical family with drama in certain areas, and that's pretty much everywhere in everyone's life.;Tina Yothers;amazing
2450;It's nice because success has allowed me to have a blast on stage, to be in the studio with amazing people, but I find it all a bit bizarre.;David Guetta;amazing
2451;It's amazing what we can get away with and what we can't. But it's not for me to decide.;Mike Judge;amazing
2452;I feel fortunate I have this amazing relationship with so many people in America, because I was in their homes at a very private time of day. They probably might have still had their robe on and their slippers and haven't made the beds.;Joan Lunden;amazing
2453;Science is one of a handful of things that defines us as a very special species. It is amazing how far we have been able to get and how accurate our predictions are. I think understanding how the universe was born is very important. It really gives us a perspective on many things.;Yuri Milner;amazing
2454;Isn't it amazing how celebrity status preempts even the most ingrained hatreds?;Camryn Manheim;amazing
2455;I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me.;Mark Hyman;amazing
2456;I love to go shopping at Target. They have so much stuff there, you can buy almost anything, it's really amazing.;Liv Tyler;amazing
2457;Growing up, I looked up to major league baseball players, and now these young women have amazing, incredible women all across the board, from swimming to gymnastics to softball to basketball.;Jennie Finch;amazing
2458;One thing that is almost always said to me is, I grew up with you. They are meeting me and feel that they actually grew up with me. I was with them during their play hours and thinking hours. I was a part of their childhoods. That's one of the most amazing things.;Mark Goddard;amazing
2459;You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.;Michael Fassbender;amazing
2460;I know this is going to sound corny, but I love my life. I love my baby, so I love getting to wake up with him. And I have the most amazing job, with writing that any actor would love and costars who I can't wait to see on Monday mornings. And I love coming home to my husband.;Julianna Margulies;amazing
2461;Reba McEntire came through town when I lived in Texas. She had this amazing theatrical show with, like, 13 different wardrobe changes. I was eight and I was like, Wow, I wanna do that!;LeAnn Rimes;amazing
2462;I don't want to wake up and not truly be enjoying my life and these amazing things around me.;LeAnn Rimes;amazing
2463;But one of the amazing things about documentary is that you can remake it every time you make one. There is no rule about how a documentary film has to be made.;Errol Morris;amazing
2464;In fact, it is amazing how much European films - Italian, French, German and English - have recovered a certain territory of the audience in their countries over the last few years.;Wim Wenders;amazing
2465;I'm from Naples. I was born in a poor neighborhood and I always, in my heart, felt like it would be amazing to be able to adopt a child from Naples. I could give someone the opportunity I had. I would love to give back in that way and pay it forward.;Giuliana Rancic;amazing
2466;I was writing a scene where a guy was choking another guy to death. You can go online and type 'chokeholds' and watch scenes where martial artists choke each other out. You can hear what noises they make when they go unconscious, see how their bodies flop and everything. YouTube is amazing for the more detailed stuff.;Daniel H. Wilson;amazing
2467;That show, 'The Amazing Race' - is that about white people?;Zach Galifianakis;amazing
2468;Each of us have things and thoughts and descriptions of an amazing universe in our possession that kings in the 17th Century would have gone to war to possess.;Kary Mullis;amazing
2469;With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay.;Stephenie Meyer;amazing
2470;It's amazing that no matter how much money you have, you can make some bad decisions, and in five months you're on the street, begging.;Paz de la Huerta;amazing
2471;I mean, there is amazing amount of oil and gas and other resources out beneath the sea. It's staggering.;Robert Ballard;amazing
2472;I grew up in a Christian home with amazing parents.;Allyson Felix;amazing
2473;When you're offered things, it makes it so much easier to be indecisive. And it's silly because you can pass on some really amazing things.;Alicia Silverstone;amazing
2474;It was amazing to watch him in the darkroom at an advanced age, still get excited when the results were pleasing. He still struggled like we all do in the darkroom and he struggled behind the camera, and when he had a success he was beaming.;John Sexton;amazing
2475;My parents were amazing and wonderful, but there was a lot of pressure to do my best and in every way possible.;Kate Bosworth;amazing
2476;Elizabeth Taylor. In her heyday, she was amazing.;Joe Jonas;amazing
2477;Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.;Joe Jonas;amazing
2478;I've never stabbed, hurt, killed, stolen, anything, but I went to jail for a year. What is that? My pastor said to me the fact that I'm not living under a bridge as a crazy woman, talking to myself, is amazing.;Foxy Brown;amazing
2479;If you ever have the good fortune to meet Tippi Hedren, she's an amazing woman. You can't quite believe she is the age she is.;Toby Jones;amazing
2480;Katy Perry is the sexiest woman I've ever kissed. It was amazing and very purple - she had purple lipstick on. I don't think there will ever be anything cooler than kissing her... until I marry her maybe!;Niall Horan;amazing
2481;They were so good that you just had to sing the song to them once and they got it. It's amazing. Sometimes it didn't come out the way you wanted, but it was good.;Chris LeDoux;amazing
2482;Elle MacPherson is absolutely amazing she is just so beautiful.;Carol Alt;amazing
2483;There is something about the South that accepts the supernatural. If you don't accept it and you're having a conversation with someone who does, it's just one of those polite things where you don't question their belief in ghosts. You just go, 'Oh, yeah, okay.' It's amazing to be able to have conversations like that.;Alice Englert;amazing
2484;I filmed 'Albatross' before I got 'Downton.' It's a coming-of-age movie about this girl who leaps into this family's life, like a whirlwind. She's ballsy and brash and wonderful, it was such an amazing character to play.;Jessica Brown Findlay;amazing
2485;So much of 'Jaws' was amazing because the mind filled in what was missing.;Bill Sienkiewicz;amazing
2486;It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.;Michael Arlen;amazing
2487;The satisfaction you get when you finally beat your dad is amazing, that rush of adrenaline.;Lee Westwood;amazing
2488;It's amazing to me that they're cutting physical education programs in the school systems.;Shannon Miller;amazing
2489;Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.;Eric Schmidt;amazing
2490;We start 'The Butler' in June and that's incredibly exciting for me because I get to work with the amazing Forest Whitaker again. It's a phenomenal script and a great, great role - I play his son. Oprah Winfrey is his wife and my mother. My character is a radical civil rights activist.;David Oyelowo;amazing
2491;Most actors want to sink their teeth into amazing material.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;amazing
2492;Reese Witherspoon is my everywoman. She's managed to have a family and this amazing career. That's the goal.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;amazing
2493;But I think Hillary Clinton is one of the most amazing women of this time.;Hope Davis;amazing
2494;If you have only 95 minutes of material, make an only 95-minute movie. Amazing how often that's forgotten.;Stephen Hunter;amazing
2495;I'm on an Isabel Marant kick. She does an amazing job of making things that are everyday-wearable but also special and a little bit different. I definitely like that she has a '70s western vibe. There's something that's very fun and vintage in what she's doing.;Jennifer Morrison;amazing
2496;I never do any television without chocolate. That's my motto and I live by it. Quite often I write the scripts and I make sure there are chocolate scenes. Actually I'm a bit of a chocolate tart and will eat anything. It's amazing I'm so slim.;Dawn French;amazing
2497;Watching Bernadette Peters perform is like an acting class. She's amazing.;Jenna Ushkowitz;amazing
2498;Anyone who has played the game professionally, you're always taught that the ball is the most important, most precious thing, so when the ball hits the ground, it's always a mad scramble. It's amazing how many times there is a fumble, and the person who recovers it initially doesn't walk away with the ball.;Barry Sanders;amazing
2499;For me, I don't expect to have a really amazing meal each time I dine out. Having a good meal with your loved ones - that's what makes the experience.;Wolfgang Puck;amazing
2500;As an actor, to have achieved financial stability is amazing. But I always have this weird fear that I'm not going to get any more work it's about not having enough money.;Paul Giamatti;amazing
2501;The thing is, I don't believe in most of what's done. The amount of financial and imaginative energy that's put into mediocrity is just amazing which I find to be fundamentally offensive as a human being.;William Hurt;amazing
2502;I knew I'd just done one of the most amazing things that I will ever get a chance to do. Just to be part of a musical that's not your background and to pull it off and to think that we've done something that's really special.;Gerard Butler;amazing
2503;I've been through the process qualifying for the World Cup, which is an amazing, two-year process. It was an honor to represent the U.S. and to represent the city of Los Angeles and California.;Cobi Jones;amazing
2504;If government and media and all of us in the Australian tribe got together, and the rock industry, we'd just be the greatest cultural force the world has ever seen - we're such an amazing race.;Yahoo Serious;amazing
2505;I've been able to go on and have a successful career on Broadway and certainly the last five years in Las Vegas have been amazing.;David Cassidy;amazing
2506;My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.;Warwick Davis;amazing
2507;The Madden NFL franchise holds a special place in popular culture and the cover is a coveted position for players all over the league. I'm honored to be the first cover athlete chosen by Madden NFL fans and it's a great way to cap off an amazing year for the Saints and the city of New Orleans.;Drew Brees;amazing
2508;I think being on a TV show is amazing but also, people get kind of used to seeing you a certain way and so it becomes a challenge to break free from that in a way.;Aubrey Plaza;amazing
2509;The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.;Jourdan Dunn;amazing
2510;People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.;Chris Hughes;amazing
2511;It was a relief to be able to do my own band, because I was very responsible for all this amazing music I didn't want to mess up before.;Dhani Harrison;amazing
2512;I've seen Bruno Mars before, he's amazing.;Alessandra Ambrosio;amazing
2513;Alison Lohman is an amazing actress. I was so proud to work with her.;Taryn Manning;amazing
2514;It could be fun to sing with Prince or Michael Jackson. Justin Timberlake has an amazing new sound now.;Taryn Manning;amazing
2515;I come back to the same thing: We've got the greatest pipeline in the company's history in the next 12 months, and we've had the most amazing financial results possible over the last five years, and we're predicting being back at double-digit revenue growth in fiscal year '06.;Steve Ballmer;amazing
2516;You know, when I was a kid waiting on the bus, I remember that was when I imagined my life. I imagined everything that I was gonna be when I grew up and I imagined all of these amazing journeys and amazing people I'd meet. Of course, all of it has kind of come to fruition.;Glen Hansard;amazing
2517;The real art is not to come up with extraordinary clever words but to make ordinary simple words do extraordinary things. To use the language that we all use and to make amazing things occur.;Graham Swift;amazing
2518;There's no question 'Amazing Race' is a beautifully produced show.;Nigel Lythgoe;amazing
2519;The most amazing thing to me about the sea is the tide. A harbour like St. Ives is totally transformed in a very short space of time by the arrival or departure of the sea.;John Dyer;amazing
2520;If you pay attention to the world, it's an amazing place. If you don't, it's whatever you think it is.;Reggie Watts;amazing
2521;I'm from the Madeleine L'Engle school. The more she delves into science, the more she knows there's a creator who's behind these amazing laws, these amazing events. The symmetry of nature, the structure and order of it.;Tom Shadyac;amazing
2522;I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.;Reggie Watts;amazing
2523;The way that people show me love on Twitter? I don't know man. It's amazing.;T-Pain;amazing
2524;Brains don't really smell, but what's amazing about the brain is that it's almost like scrambled eggs or soft tofu, almost like a gel. The brain controls so much of what we do, but you could put your finger right through it.;Ellen Pompeo;amazing
2525;It's awesome to see something like 'Inception', which is just mind-blowing and amazing, and it actually resonates with the audiences. I feel like that's rare.;Danny McBride;amazing
2526;I have an amazing relationship with my wife, but sometimes there are arguments. It happens.;Kris Allen;amazing
2527;It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.;Gabriela Sabatini;amazing
2528;I'm definitely the most tech-savvy in my family. My wife wouldn't have a clue, as far as getting the computer working. All of my kids, it's amazing. Like everybody's kids, they're more savvy than I am, probably.;Chris O'Donnell;amazing
2529;Emmanuel Lewis was amazing to work with. I'll love that guy to the end of time.;Corin Nemec;amazing
2530;No matter how loud the stadium is, once you're on that field and that offense walks up to the line, it's silent. You can only hear the guys on the field. It's amazing how much concentration you can have when it's required and how powerful your mind is to give it to you.;Michael Strahan;amazing
2531;My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.;Jordana Brewster;amazing
2532;It was really fun being in Tara's trailer, working on my lines. Tara is such an amazing actress. She's so good at what she does. I learned a lot from watching her.;Carson Daly;amazing
2533;Before 'Twilight,' occasionally I would get the 'Hey are you that girl from that movie?' but no one knew my first and last name. The fans of the saga are amazing, and it's very flattering.;Nikki Reed;amazing
2534;My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty.;Nikki Reed;amazing
2535;When we'd suggested doing it, the Theatre Royal management had said, 'Nobody wants to see Waiting for Godot.' As it happened, every single ticket was booked for every single performance, and this confirmation that our judgment was right was sweet. Audiences came to us from all over the world. It was amazing.;Ian Mckellen;amazing
2536;I was speaking to Ridley Scott the other day and he makes a film every 18 months. He's amazing really.;Adrian Lyne;amazing
2537;There are a lot of people using technology that are playing to a click with backing vocals already stuck in there on some computerized thing that runs along in time to the show so they have these amazing vocals that are only partly the guys on stage producing them at the time.;James Young;amazing
2538;Big dress, cocktails, party - I love that. It is my work, but my work allow me to have glamour, to wear beautiful and amazing dresses, to go to big ceremonies.;Paz Vega;amazing
2539;Well, I've always thought that my career was in England, really. I used to do more in the theatre, and I felt that I should be there. It's not far is it? It's amazing the way that special FX have taken a quantum leap in what they're capable of doing.;Albert Finney;amazing
2540;The strangest thing that human speech and human writing can do is create a metaphor. That is an amazing leap, is it not?;Dennis Potter;amazing
2541;Giving birth was the most amazing thing I've ever done. I'd been living in a Third World country, and I said, 'I'm going to just squat behind a tree.' I basically did that but in a chair in my living room. I didn't want a sterile hospital room. I didn't want doctors. I had a midwife.;Carolyn Murphy;amazing
2542;I always say, I'm certain I changed 'Watchmen' less than the Coen brothers changed 'No Country for Old Men.' I'm certain of it. But you don't hear the Cormac McCarthy fans, like, up in arms about it. They should be. It's like an amazing Pulitzer Prize-winning book.;Zack Snyder;amazing
2543;He's this amazing ambassador for all superheroes. What we've made as a film not only examines that but is also an amazing adventure story. It's been an honor to work on. As a comic book fan, Superman is like the Rosetta Stone of all superheroes.;Zack Snyder;amazing
2544;Google is in an amazing position to be the target of tons of lawsuits that will set precedent for many important things for us on the Internet.;Joichi Ito;amazing
2545;Arnold Schwarzenegger, I don't know if you'd call him a great actor, but he's amazing in terms of his presence, and he is interesting enough that you want to watch him.;F. Murray Abraham;amazing
2546;These people are amazing. It's so emotional I was thinking about wearing waterproof mascara.;Victoria Beckham;amazing
2547;I do like athletes as they have amazing self-discipline.;Seal;amazing
2548;My parents were amazing people who had no business being together - and they knew it.;James Denton;amazing
2549;I think physical comedy is an amazing asset because it tells a story that's more universal than just language and dialogue. I grew up watching Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. They're very powerful figures in my life.;Josh Gad;amazing
2550;The real amazing thing about all of this is I think I've maintained the mentality of a musician throughout it all, which I'm proudest of. And I'm still playing on people's records and singing on people's records.;Vince Gill;amazing
2551;When things happen - you ask yourself why today, why not tomorrow, why not yesterday? That's the most amazing thing about time.;Ozwald Boateng;amazing
2552;That's an amazing feeling, to walk onstage, and you're not thinking about anything, you're not thinking about your lines or what you're supposed to do - your body, your brain knows, so there's freedom. There's not fear, there's not nerves.;Eric McCormack;amazing
2553;And you can't complain about kissing Emma Watson. Isn't that what everyone in the world wants to do? I've known Emma for a few years. She's this amazing capacity of young and vibrant and brilliant, but also a bright, intelligent old soul.;Eddie Redmayne;amazing
2554;I suppose it's amazing how quick life goes by when you have children.;Steffi Graf;amazing
2555;Pebble Beach. It is tough and the lay out is amazing.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
2556;Nancy Lopez has always been a role model of mine... so to have the opportunity to play for her and spend time with her has been amazing.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
2557;Hawaii was beautiful of course, we played at Turtle Bay an amazing resort right on the ocean.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
2558;At 13, when I was a runaway, I was taken in by the most amazing drag queens in Portland, Ore. We didn't always know where our next meal was coming from, but there was so much camaraderie and love. Not to mention, those girls could paint a face, and I learned how because of them.;Rose McGowan;amazing
2559;Two packed houses. I guess the theater sat 2,700 people every night so it was an amazing experience.;Blair Underwood;amazing
2560;I think Paul Newman had an amazing career. I also love what Tom Hanks has done. He has always made very grounded movies that have something to say. He has found a way to make blockbusters that are about something and that is what I want to do.;Josh Duhamel;amazing
2561;I'm always going to get more of a charge playing Chicago than I will Duluth or some place like that. Just because of the history and the people there are way more knowledgeable than a lot of other cities. It's an amazing music scene with some great bands and great musicians.;Matt Cameron;amazing
2562;I know so many amazing actors who don't get work... and then there are a bunch of real duds that work all the time. The industry is just not fair in that way.;Jenna Fischer;amazing
2563;Always expect the unexpected. Right around Thanksgiving, when the new Alex Cross will be out. It's called Four Blind Mice and it's a pretty amazing story about several murders inside the military.;James Patterson;amazing
2564;I am married to the most amazing, generous and beautiful human being and it has been hard on him because from the outside if you look at it it's just all about me.;Emily Watson;amazing
2565;100 million iphones don't lie. What an amazing man. He is the apple of all of our i's. We have an i everything and its all so amazing.;Billy Bush;amazing
2566;It's not always thankless. Let's face it - it's not always thankless. I've gotten a lot of really great recognition and I've worked with amazing people.;Kyra Sedgwick;amazing
2567;There's the Hollywood sign there's Griffith Observatory there's the great, amazing Los Angeles Basin. It's 465 square miles of insanity and the best food on the planet.;Robert Crais;amazing
2568;I had a great time with John Duigan he's pretty amazing.;Sam Rockwell;amazing
2569;Good acting is good acting, however you learn it. Some people who haven't studied are amazing. Some people like Leonardo DiCaprio are naturally gifted - he's learned technique by working with people early on.;Sam Rockwell;amazing
2570;I have those songs as well. It depends on what I'm going through in my life but I'm a huge fan of Bjork. Sometimes I get so emotional because she's so amazing.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
2571;I have amazing people around me. I couldn't be in a better place. I'm grateful for my life and where I'm at. I never thought I could be in the position that I'm in.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
2572;Maybe I was just lucky, but I had the best pregnancy, and I loved giving birth. It was just the most amazing thing, so surreal but so real.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
2573;With most British actors, it's amazing. I think they start with the character on the outside and work in.;Norman Jewison;amazing
2574;In our relationship, we don't have that situation. I don't require what he needs, and he doesn't require what I need. I know what I do I have an amazing life that nobody knows about.;John Oates;amazing
2575;I have a great family, I live an amazing life.;John Oates;amazing
2576;It really lasted the whole game, because I was really untouchable, unstoppable that game. But it was heightened on one particular play, and that was the longest run where everything completely slowed down. My awareness was so keen, it was so heightened, it was really amazing.;Marcus Allen;amazing
2577;Recently, I went to a disco with friends, and all the young people were saying, 'Dudamel, we want to go to your concert, but it's impossible because it's sold out.' It's really amazing.;Gustavo Dudamel;amazing
2578;Going to a concert can sometimes be very difficult. It can be a long journey. There's the ticket prices. But when the music goes to the community - not the community coming to the concert - they say, 'Wow! I didn't know that this music was so amazing!" - Gustavo Dudamel
"Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true." - Paracelsus
"I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living." - Ursula Andress
"A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both." - Fawn M. Brodie
"TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more." - Sharon Stone
"Big money is ruining the political system." - Arlen Specter
"Sane judgment abhors nothing so much as a picture perpetrated with no technical knowledge, although with plenty of care and diligence." - Albrecht Durer
"I've never gone to acting school and I never will, so I'm learning about the business from the people who are in the business. It doesn't seem like I work at all. And the unknown is always exciting." - Jonathan Rhys Meyers
"I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Home is the place we love best and grumble the most." - Billy Sunday
"Those carrying a credit card balance should scale back to making the minimum payment each month so they have more money to put into savings." - Suze Orman
"I've had fans come and knock on my door. I'm usually polite, but I'm usually very direct and say, 'It's not cool that you come here uninvited.'" - Gary Allan
"To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float." - Alan Watts
"Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively." - Josie Maran
"I had someone call me this morning telling me they had somebody who would only work a certain number of hours a week because if they worked too many hours a week then they couldn't get their government assistance. And that person has multiple cell phones, and gets them new every month with new minutes." - Timothy Griffin
"I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant." - Daniel Radcliffe
"In this life and death case, I felt Mrs. Schiavo should receive the fullest due process from our legal system." - Paul Gillmor
"Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse." - John Derek
"Couldn't start the morning without caffeine." - Ginnifer Goodwin
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life." - Albert Camus
"Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy." - Sigmund Freud
"All lasting business is built on friendship." - Alfred A. Montapert
"To appear on the stage drunk, to have them leave there and remember me making drunken mistakes, that was death." - Sammy Davis, Jr.
"I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me." - Jimmy Carter
"We don't appreciate the value of humor sometimes." - Janet Evanovich
"In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry." - Ivanka Trump
"Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress." - Bruce Barton
"In almost everything that touches our everyday life on earth, God is pleased when we're pleased. He wills that we be as free as birds to soar and sing our maker's praise without anxiety." - Aiden Wilson Tozer
"I was afraid of the internet... because I couldn't type." - Jack Welch
"I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something." - Woodrow Wilson
"I wouldn't attach too much importance to these student riots. I remember when I was a student at the Sorbonne in Paris, I used to go out and riot occasionally." - John Foster Dulles
"That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians." - William Blake
"I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong." - John Lennon
"It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this." - Lenny Kravitz
"Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so." - Robert Frost
"The nature of the movies is different than it was five years ago, and they're all driven by the possibilities of CGI, which means you can make anything happen on screen that you can possibly desire." - Tom Hanks
"There has been a change in men's attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion they're not afraid of it." - Calvin Klein
"The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life." - Jeffrey Kluger
"Real leadership means tackling tough problems ourselves and not leaving them to our children." - Jon Kyl
"It's amazing what sleep does for your looks." - Emily Procter
"Sport fosters many things that are good teamwork and leadership." - Daley Thompson
"I'm a just a mom when I walk down the street." - Alice Barrett
"The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome." - Amanda Seyfried
"I realize I don't do a very good job in keeping up to date, but I try to." - Bob Dylan
"I tell students that even if they don't like math right now, they can use math as a brain-sharpening tool - a tool that not only builds the foundation for a great career, but that also builds self-confidence, no matter what they choose to do with their lives." - Danica McKellar
"The organizational architecture is really that a centipede walks on hundred legs and one or two don't count. So if I lose one or two legs, the process will go on, the organization will go on, the growth will go on." - Mukesh Ambani
"You do have to change things as warfare changes." - Charles Schumer
"I was a kid, and I wasn't even sure if I wanted to play the drums, you know? All I wanted to do was skateboard, but I was still learning and taking it in, so it was good." - Travis Barker
"Learning how to fly, for me, was so euphoric." - Hilary Swank
"Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level." - Peter Drucker
"Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations." - Susan Faludi
"The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse." - Helen Keller
"In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief." - John Barrymore
"For those who aspire to live in a high cost, high tax, big government place, our nation and the world offers plenty of options. Vermont, Canada and Venezuela all offer you the opportunity to live in the socialist, big government paradise you long for." - Marco Rubio
"The great accomplishment of Jobs's life is how effectively he put his idiosyncrasies - his petulance, his narcissism, and his rudeness - in the service of perfection." - Malcolm Gladwell
"I ask myself: Would I have been any worse off if I had stayed home or lived on a farm instead of shock treatments and medication?" - Gene Tierney
"Our learning ought to be our lives' amendment, and the fruits of our private study ought to appear in our public behavior." - Thomas Nashe
"There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it." - Ernest Hemingway
"In this work I have received the opposition of a number of men who only advocate the unobtainable because the immediately possible is beyond their moral courage, administrative ability, and their political prescience." - John Burns
"Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected." - Robert Orben
"Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either." - Evan Esar
"I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage. Physical courage is a great test." - Oriana Fallaci
"Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world." - Blaise Pascal
"I used to work for a management consulting company, so I dressed differently - business casual, probably a lot of things from Banana Republic. My wardrobe now is definitely more expensive, but I always dress for the occasion." - John Legend
"Nobody wants to read about the honest lawyer down the street who does real estate loans and wills. If you want to sell books, you have to write about the interesting lawyers - the guys who steal all the money and take off. That's the fun stuff." - John Grisham
"It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too." - Gail Simmons
"The three main sources of scepticism are first, that not every people desires freedom second, that democracy in certain parts of the world would be dangerous and third, that there is little the world's democracies can do to advance freedom outside their countries." - Natan Sharansky
"Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection." - Eugenio Montale
"Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them." - Orison Swett Marden
"It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final." - Roger Babson
"I've always been a guy who's pretty supportive, its just my nature, so I came in to the situation with the attitude that I wanted to support Johnny and make it work." - Rick Derringer
"I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care." - Emma Thompson
"We will not be intimidated or pushed off the world stage by people who do not like what we stand for, and that is, freedom, democracy and the fight against disease, poverty and terrorism." - Madeleine Albright
"Unrest of spirit is a mark of life." - Karl A. Menninger
"There is nothing anyone can do anyway. The public has no power. The government knows I'm not a criminal. The parole board knows I'm not a criminal. The judge knows I'm not a criminal." - Jack Kevorkian
"The best money advice ever given me was from my father. When I was a little girl, he told me, 'Don't spend anything unless you have to.'" - Dinah Shore
"Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time." - Miguel Angel Ruiz
"As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family." - Chanakya
"Emotional intelligence begins to develop in the earliest years. All the small exchanges children have with their parents, teachers, and with each other carry emotional messages." - Daniel Goleman
"Negation is the mind's first freedom, yet a negative habit is fruitful only so long as we exert ourselves to overcome it, adapt it to our needs once acquired it can imprison us." - Emile M. Cioran
"Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed." - Charles M. Schulz
"What I try to do is factor in how people use computers, what people's problems are, and how these technologies can get applied to those problems. Then I try to direct the various product groups to act on this information." - John Warnock
"Wit is the lowest form of humor." - Alexander Pope
"Obama has no power to change American policy because there are people who specialize in drawing these policies, which have been and still are hostile towards Islam." - Muqtada al Sadr
"Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member." - Ang Lee
"Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!" - Sylvia Kristel
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - Yoko Ono
"The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything." - Vivienne Westwood
"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them." - Isaac Asimov
"I came back to work when my children were two months old. At that early age, they seem to have little awareness of anybody but their Raggedy Ann dolls, so it wasn't a matter of them missing me. I was missing them." - Jane Pauley
"A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching." - A. Bartlett Giamatti
"I am in so many movies that are on TV at 2:00 a.m. that people think I am dead." - Michael Caine
"The point is not to take the world's opinion as a guiding star but to go one's way in life and working unerringly, neither depressed by failure nor seduced by applause." - Gustav Mahler
"Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." - Scott Adams
"Every other artist begins with a blank canvas, a piece of paper the photographer begins with the finished product." - Edward Steichen
"There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first when you learn to live for others, they will live for you." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart." - Edwin Booth
"Husbands are chiefly good as lovers when they are betraying their wives." - Marilyn Monroe
"Now an infinite happiness cannot be purchased by any price less than that which is infinite in value and infinity of merit can only result from a nature that is infinitely divine or perfect." - Adam Clarke
"I think that if you keep your eyes and your ears open and you are receptive to learning, there are skills you can get from any job at all." - Cat Deeley
"I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing." - Les Claypool
"Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race, you never give up." - Alice Cooper
"We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasn't good enough. My visor got fogged." - Gene Cernan
"War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it." - Benito Mussolini
"I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it." - Studs Terkel
"My mom was an actress in the local Seattle theater doing experimental plays." - Rainn Wilson
"Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change." - James Cash Penney
"Living the past is a dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way." - Edna Ferber
"I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems." - Whitney Houston
"I had the most reversed education possible. Every parent wants their son to be a businessman, respectable - me, it was the opposite. When I had an artist career my mum was like, 'Oh finally, I'm proud of you!'" - David Guetta
"I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains." - Anne Frank
"People of small caliber are always carping. They are bent on showing their own superiority, their knowledge or prowess or good breeding." - Van Wyck Brooks
"The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life." - Richard Bach
"What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul." - Joseph Addison
"It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God." - Mary Daly
"A chronicle is very different from history proper." - Howard Nemerov
"Value people on their potential, not on their history." - Bo Bennett
"The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him." - Harry Emerson Fosdick
"Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace." - Benito Mussolini
"Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then." - Katharine Hepburn
"My mom used to take me down to the Jersey Shore when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. I can remember being down in that area - Belmar, Seaside Heights, Asbury Park and all those places that I went back and revisited." - David Cassidy
"Loneliness is and always has been the central and inevitable experience of every man." - Thomas Wolfe
"The Democratic Party looks at massive immigration, legal and illegal, as a source of voters." - Tom Tancredo
"The people and the mindset that killed 3,000 of our fellow citizens on September 11 2001, would have killed not 3,000, but 300,000 if they could have or 3 million or 30 million. We need to do everything we can within our value systems and legal structures to make sure that doesn't happen." - Tim Pawlenty
"The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art." - Paul Klee
"I'm not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good." - Jon Heder
"Exuberance is beauty." - Blake, William
"My father never talked about the sacrifices that the family made for me." - Novak Djokovic
"Men will bear many things from a kept mistress, which they would not bear from a wife." - Samuel Richardson
"At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past." - Maurice Maeterlinck
"On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means." - Hillary Clinton
"While there continues to be differences, the important point is that all citizens and elected officials use democratic and legal avenues for solving those differences." - Boris Trajkovski
"You can study government and politics in school, but the best way to really understand the process is to volunteer your time." - Rob McKenna
"Yes, you can lose somebody overnight, yes, your whole life can be turned upside down. Life is short. It can come and go like a feather in the wind." - Shania Twain
"I am now almost certain that we need more radiation for better health." - John Cameron
"And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction." - John Motson
"Art is the proper task of life." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Human beings are much bigger than just making money." - Muhammad Yunus
"Contrary to current cynicism about past golden ages, the abstraction known as 'the intelligent layperson' does exist - in the form of millions of folks with a passionate commitment to continuous learning." - Stephen Jay Gould
"It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money." - Dave Barry
"There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else." - Sam Walton
"I was a loner as a child and happiest at home, launching toy rockets and aeroplanes. When I started causing trouble in my third year at grammar school, Mum was really surprised. My parents sent me to a child psychologist, who suggested I might have Asperger's syndrome." - Gary Numan
"Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided." - Lauren Myracle
"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good." - Woody Allen
"Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity." - Lester Bangs
"Failure to prepare is preparing to fail." - Mike Murdock
"The enemies of freedom will not prevail." - Bill Frist
"When I got my very first phone call that I'd hit the 'New York Times' list, I had a small rush of 'I've made it!' But the next morning, it occurred to me I didn't know what it was, so I called my agent and asked what being a 'New York Times' bestselling author really meant. He informed me that I was now a thousand pound gorilla." - Lisa Gardner
"Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future." - Bob Riley
"I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home." - Cathy Guisewite
"I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love." - Rodney Atkins
"The concern right now is that families are paying for insurance, or getting insurance from their employer and trusting that health care will be available for their families. In too many instances now, the care they need isn't available." - Debbie Stabenow
"Most employees want to be involved in a successful business and most employees are happy for people running successful businesses to be paid a reasonable wage and a market rate for it, provided they understand the reason. What they hate most of all is pay for failure." - Stuart Rose
"I learned law so well, the day I graduated I sued the college, won the case, and got my tuition back." - Fred Allen
"Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination." - Alfred North Whitehead
"I don't want to produce anymore small or independent movies because it's just too hard these days." - John Cusack
"I believe that President Clinton considered the legal merits of the arguments for the pardon as he understood them, and he rendered his judgment, wise or unwise, on the merits." - John Podesta
"I want to go down in history." - Haile Gebrselassie
"The moral turpitude of the boys of today appears to center in their failure to concentrate on any particular objective long enough to obtain their maximum results." - Major Taylor
"Change of fashion is the tax levied by the industry of the poor on the vanity of the rich." - Nicolas Chamfort
"I'm not mad about movies, there are too many people involved in the making of them, and they lack a definitive creative focus." - David Bailey
"I tend to make low-budget movies but, yeah, I make more money than I ever thought I would make." - Laura Linney
"The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst." - David Hume
"There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world." - Steve Martin
"The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good." - Samuel Johnson
"I thought 'Borat' was a breakthrough comedy, because it was really funny. It wasn't some studio-produced script with 14 writers." - Steve Martin
"The beauty of 'The Walking Dead' and the beauty of being on a television show for a while, is that, it's your backstory, it's part of what you are, it's what you carry with you every day." - Laurie Holden
"Sure, I have friends, plenty of friends, and they all come around wantin' to borrow money. I've always been generous with my friends and family, with money, but selfish with the important stuff like love." - Richard Pryor
"To deal with the stark reality of having hit or hurt a woman or child, to deal with the initial responsibility you have not to do that and the knowledge you did do it, can be incredibly hard." - David Soul
"Home is the place we love best and grumble the most." - Billy Sunday
"President Obama believes in a country where we invest in education, in roads and bridges, in science, and in the future so we can create new opportunities so the next kid can make it big and the kid afer that and the kid after that, that's what President Obama believes." - Elizabeth Warren
"There is a set of religious, or rather moral, writings which teach that virtue is the certain road to happiness, and vice to misery in this world. A very wholesome and comfortable doctrine, and to which we have but one objection, namely, that it is not true." - Francois Fenelon
"I thought, you know the food and the diet thing is one way to start yourself onto a healthy lifestyle, but if you don't move, if you don't start exercising you're gonna deteriorate." - Warren Cuccurullo
"Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it." - Fareed Zakaria
"The condition every art requires is, not so much freedom from restriction, as freedom from adulteration and from the intrusion of foreign matter." - Willa Cather
"Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah, everything is beautiful." - Prince
"It is great good health to believe, as the Hindus do, that there are 33 million gods and goddesses in the world. It is great good health to want to understand one's dreams. It is great good health to desire the ambiguous and paradoxical." - Clive Barker
"Not cohabitation but consensus constitutes marriage." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?" - Zac Hanson
"The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning." - Anne Tyler
"I'm famous today. People like me today. Might not like me tomorrow. You can't count on it." - Dave Chappelle
"Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention." - Deepak Chopra
"It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate." - Sloane Crosley
"I've done performances in movies that I was immensely proud of and the movies didn't take off like a rocket at Cape Canaveral, it didn't take off." - Albert Brooks
"Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals." - Donald Rumsfeld
"In the silence of night I have often wished for just a few words of love from one man, rather than the applause of thousands of people." - Judy Garland
"But in the first Gulf war the United Kingdom was not under any threat from Iraq, and is still less so in the second one. Then there is no justification for obstructing freedom of information, particularly as nations have a right to know what their soldiers are being used for." - Kate Adie
"What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures." - Scott Walker
"The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind." - Paracelsus
"If I start outsourcing all my navigation to a little talking box in my car, I'm sort of screwed. I'm going to lose my car in the parking lot every single time." - Ken Jennings
"The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it." - Barry Commoner
"You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level." - John Krasinski
"The majority of Americans receive health insurance coverage through their employers, but with rising health care costs, many small businesses can no longer afford to provide coverage for their employees." - Jim Ryun
"Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, that's when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car." - Dan Wheldon
"I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it." - Bill Rancic
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands." - Michelangelo
"I'm more comfortable with whatever's wrong with me than my father was whenever he felt he failed or didn't measure up to the standard he set." - John Malkovich
"South Central is just who I am. Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out." - Ice Cube
"The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do." - Horace
"Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall." - David Suzuki
"If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments." - Earl Wilson
"I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing." - Les Claypool
"It's never been my purpose to become an American icon, or more famous or richer." - Juliette Binoche
"The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough." - George Edward Moore
"My imagination can picture no fairer happiness than to continue living for art." - Clara Schumann
"The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances." - Aristotle
"My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that." - Emeril Lagasse
"Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"But, based on my friendship with Evie as young mothers, I started going on freedom rides in 1966." - June Jordan
"We must ensure that every worker has healthcare and is able to save for their retirement. We must ensure that our workers have safe and health working conditions." - Leonard Boswell
"Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing." - Jennifer Aniston
"For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting." - T. S. Eliot
"Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster." - Paracelsus
"A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive." - Helmut Jahn
"We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people." - Pope Benedict XVI
"Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher." - Joe Manchin
"This is all you have. This is not a dry run. This is your life. If you want to fritter it away with your fears, then you will fritter it away, but you won't get it back later." - Laura Schlessinger
"I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed." - Rush Limbaugh
"It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind." - Voltaire
"There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea." - Gustav Stickley
"Anyone who's lost someone to cancer will say this, that you have to struggle to try to remember the person before the diagnosis happened, because they really do change - as anyone would change." - Mindy Kaling
"HBO is really famous for hiring good people and staying out of their way until they ask for help, or need it. And that reputation is earned." - Richard Russo
"You can't show me an ad on TV with hard bodies and say I have to buy that car. You have to tell me why that car is better and safer than another car." - Doris Roberts
"The Finland of the 21st century can thrive only if women of learning - in common with their male counterparts - are guaranteed the opportunity to use their creative potential to the full." - Tarja Halonen
"There are a lot of good causes out there, but they can't possibly all be served by government." - Jesse Ventura
"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." - Donald Trump
"This enraged the other Nazi so much that the next morning he came to our house and he shot my father." - Bruno Schulz
"Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life." - Dalai Lama
"Seldom ever was any knowledge given to keep, but to impart the grace of this rich jewel is lost in concealment." - Wendell Phillips
"I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually." - Frank Sinatra
"Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war." - Joseph A. Schumpeter
"I am not the Conservative Party's health care spokesman. I'm fond of Andrew Lansley, and I strongly support David Cameron as party leader." - Daniel Hannan
"To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context." - Rowan D. Williams
"Art for art's sake, money for God's sake." - Simon Raven
"Watching the evening news in 2011 is a strange time-travel experience. 'The CBS Evening News,' 'ABC World News' and 'NBC Nightly News' haven't changed their style over the decades, still going for that old-fashioned mix of voice-of-authority pomp and feel-good fluff. The difference is that people aren't watching." - Rob Sheffield
"But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?'" - Gertrude Stein
"Dreams can still come true you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck." - Stefano Gabbana
"Has Bill Clinton inspired idealism in the young, as he himself was inspired by John F. Kennedy? Or has he actually reduced their idealism? Surely part of the answer lies in Clinton's personal moral lapse with Monica Lewinsky. But more important was his sin of omission - his failure to embrace a moral cause beyond popularity." - Arlie Russell Hochschild
"Today, one year after their divorce, Pamela and Tommy Lee announced they're getting back together. You know what that means? There's still hope for Ike and Tina Turner." - Jay Leno
"When I came to the CIA in the mid-'90s, our graduating class of case officers was unbelievably low. Now, after years of rebuilding, our training programs and putting our best efforts to recruit the most talented men and women, we are graduating more clandestine officers than at any time in the history of the Central Intelligence Agency." - George Tenet
"In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry." - Christopher Wren
"A family's photograph album is generally about the extended family and, often, is all that remains of it." - Susan Sontag
"However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them." - Francesca Annis
"I think people like to see the lives of artists that are legends. They always go through the dark periods and I think just as humans we like to see that and them coming out of it. I love those kinds of movies." - Kristen Wiig
"War is fear cloaked in courage." - William Westmoreland
"My dad doesn't get any of my jokes. He laughs at them, but he doesn't understand them. He's just laughing because people around him are laughing." - Zach Galifianakis
"Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love." - Miguel Angel Ruiz
"Above our life we love a steadfast friend." - Christopher Marlowe
"False opinions are like false money, struck first of all by guilty men and thereafter circulated by honest people who perpetuate the crime without knowing what they are doing." - Joseph de Maistre
"Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power." - Chuck Hagel
"And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb." - James Beattie
"I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father." - Orson Scott Card
"This is my 20th year in the sport. I've known swimming and that's it. I don't want to swim past age 30 if I continue after this Olympics, and come back in 2016, I'll be 31. I'm looking forward to being able to see the other side of the fence." - Michael Phelps
"It is our happiness to live under the government of a PRINCE who is satisfied with ruling according to law as every other good prince will - We enjoy under his administration all the liberty that is proper and expedient for us." - Jonathan Mayhew
"Madness need not be all breakdown. It may also be break-through. It is potential liberation and renewal as well as enslavement and existential death." - R. D. Laing
"I came to live in Shepperton in 1960. I thought: the future isn't in the metropolitan areas of London. I want to go out to the new suburbs, near the film studios. This was the England I wanted to write about, because this was the new world that was emerging." - J. G. Ballard
"You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete." - Keith Sweat
"Precepts or maxims are of great weight and a few useful ones on hand do more to produce a happy life than the volumes we can't find." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money." - Helen Gurley Brown
"If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. I'm a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation." - Katherine Jenkins
"Obama seemed poised to realign American politics after his stunning 2008 victory. But the economy remains worse than even the administration's worst-case scenarios, and the long legislative battles over health care reform, financial services reform and the national debt and deficit have taken their toll. Obama no longer looks invincible." - Dee Dee Myers
"An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head." - Emil Zatopek
"I don't worry about being in a hurry any more, because my faith in God will always deliver me on time." - Martha Reeves
"I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective." - Katherine Heigl
"Aggression is simply another name for government." - Benjamin Tucker
"The incentive that you give to your youth is going to be the make-or-break future of the country." - King Abdullah II
"God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer." - Ramakrishna
"The least of the work of learning is done in the classroom." - Thomas Merton
"I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do." - Gloria Allred
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Khalil Gibran
"Freedom to differ is not limited to things that do not matter mush. That would be a mere shadow of freedom. The test of its substance is the right to differ as to things that touch the heart of the existing order." - Robert Jackson
"I do read books. I suppose it's more or less the same thing, but at least I'm alone and I'm an individual. I can stop anytime I want, which I frequently do." - Jack Vance
"Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies." - Ann Landers
"Citizens must pressure the American Hospital Association, the American Public Health Association, the Centers for Disease Control and other relevant governmental agencies to make greening our hospitals and medical centers a top priority so that they themselves don't create even more illness." - Andrew Weil
"Home is where you feel at home and are treated well." - Dalai Lama
"We all have times when we go home at night and pull out our hair and feel misunderstood and lonely and like we're falling. I think the brain is such that there is always going to be something missing." - Jude Law
"Hope will never be silent." - Harvey Milk
"I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials." - Trevor Dunn
"I'm kind of a failure. I mean, I'll be honest. I'm successful in that I'm getting to work on great stuff, but I think I'm a failure in all the personal stuff that is most important to me." - Paul Feig
"You must understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it. That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing and dance, and write poems and suffer and understand, for all that is life." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"You know, I had my mother and my father convincing me that he would be going back to Hollywood and he'd be back with the actresses and dating them and that he wasn't serious about me at all. So I had him saying one thing to me and my parents telling me something else." - Priscilla Presley
"Love built on beauty, soon as beauty dies. " - Donne, John
"The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it." - Dean Smith
"Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form." - Wilhelm von Humboldt
"But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time." - Tom Hanks
"If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin." - Dar Williams
"Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage." - Paul Keating
"I can spend hours in a grocery store. I get so excited when I see food, I go crazy. I spend hours arranging my baskets so that everything fits in and nothing gets squashed. I'm really anal about it, actually." - Cameron Diaz
"I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas bring me big ideas to match our future." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Believe in and follow your dreams." - Kristanna Loken
"Love, it has been said, flows downward. The love of parents for their children has always been far more powerful than that of children for their parents and who among the sons of men ever loved God with a thousandth part of the love which God has manifested to us?" - Augustus Hare
"No great thing is created suddenly." - Epictetus
"Lovers may be and indeed generally are enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations." - George Byron
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
"Life is not an exact science, it is an art." - Samuel Butler
"I've had a fair amount of experience with snakes, and I find them to be pretty honest in terms of how you read their body language and emotions. They'll tell you when they're grumpy. They'll tell you when they're okay." - Dominic Monaghan
"I do resent that when you're in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age." - Rosanna Arquette
"There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go." - Richard Bach
"I challenge you to be dreamers I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better." - Brian Schweitzer
"I had this child, and it destroyed my family." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them." - Thomas Sowell
"If you look at the game and everything, it's not quite like looking at an animated film, because that's total character. This, this is really movement, but it's got funny little things if you look for the humor. They're actually getting to the character." - Don Bluth
"A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much." - Homer
"Aggression is simply another name for government." - Benjamin Tucker
"The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success." - James Cash Penney
"You just can't get too focused on worrying about what's going to happen in the next quarter. You have to worry about where the business is headed long-term." - James Sinegal
"My real fantasy if I was to drop out would be to live in a mobile home and be a hippie and drive around festivals and have millions of children - children with dreadlocks and nose rings - and play the flute." - Rachel Weisz
"The only language men ever speak perfectly is the one they learn in babyhood, when no one can teach them anything!" - Maria Montessori
"The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web." - Pablo Picasso
"On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude." - Tyler Posey
"Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"The war we are fighting today against terrorism is a multifaceted fight. We have to use every tool in our toolkit to wage this war - diplomacy, finance, intelligence, law enforcement, and of course, military power - and we are developing new tools as we go along." - Richard Armitage
"Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented." - Lech Walesa
"The theatre only knows what it's doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years' time? A completely different attitude." - Harrison Birtwistle
"All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance." - Bill Murray
"I suffered from a mild case of postpartum depression after my second child and the physical challenge of maintaining an overnight shift at CBS, a marriage, and two in diapers made the symptoms worse and everyone in the house paid the price." - Mika Brzezinski
"Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love." - George Eliot
"If it is wrong for you to take money from someone else who earned it, to take their money by force for your own needs, then it is certainly just as wrong for you to demand that the government step forward and do this dirty work for you." - Neal Boortz
"I knew I was going to be a journalist when I was eight years old and I saw the printing presses rolling at the Sydney newspaper where my dad worked as a proofreader." - Geraldine Brooks
"Misdirected life force is the activity in disease process.  Disease has no energy save what it borrows from the life of the organism.  It is by adjusting the life force that healing must be brought about, and it is the sun as transformer and distributor of primal spiritual energy that must be utilized in this process, for life and the sun are so intimately connected." - Kabbalah
"I've been playing against older and stronger competition my whole life. It has made me a better tennis player and able to play against this kind of level despite their strength and experience." - Maria Sharapova
"The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle." - Stanley Kubrick
"There is even a happiness - that makes the heart afraid." - Thomas Hood
"You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization." - Denis Waitley
"Without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"From paying off friends' tax bills to rescuing stray dogs and stuffing &pound20 notes into the hands of homeless people, I can't get rid of my money fast enough." - Julie Burchill
"I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is." - Michael J. Fox
"They gave it to us for about five bucks a week, and we just went there to live. Probably the first band that ever did that back then and it became the famous cottage." - Jim Capaldi
"Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others." - Erich Fromm
"Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that." - Ang Lee
"My mom and dad are both in stand-up comedy, so that's where I started, that's where I got everything. My roots are holding the mic." - Pauly Shore
"Theatre, when it is at its best, takes a lot of beating - the live experience and the shared collective experience of live storytelling is really special when it is good. Particularly here in New York because the audiences are amazing, very vocal and very engaged, and that makes theatre very exciting." - Dan Stevens
"To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today." - Isaac Asimov
"Why should anybody be interested in some old man who was a failure?" - Ernest Hemingway
"Failure and its accompanying misery is for the artist his most vital source of creative energy." - Montgomery Clift
"The idea of making access to safe abortions harder and more expensive and more difficult, having to travel across state lines - that puts women's health and lives in jeopardy, which is something I think no one wants." - Cynthia Nixon
"When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results." - Calvin Coolidge
"At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion." - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
"I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success." - Michael Landon
"They know the importance of their mission and of America's commitment to combating and defeating terrorism abroad, and they know that they are making a real difference in bringing freedom to a part of the world that has known only tyranny." - John Boehner
"I think that one's art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows." - Emily Carr
"A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss." - Tina Fey
"How many times have you been out for a beer or dinner and people are coming up with business ideas? Everybody wants to think they've got that great business idea." - Mark Burnett
"I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation." - Jayson Blair
"I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern." - Mickey Rooney
"A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned." - Xun Zi
"The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it." - Stephen Hawking
"Faith is to believe what you do not see the reward of this faith is to see what you believe." - Saint Augustine
"Nothing succeeds like success." - Dumas, Alexandre
"Men will confess to treason, murder, arson, false teeth, or a wig. How many of them will own up to a lack of humor?" - Frank Moore Colby
"I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing." - Francis Ford Coppola
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean." - Maya Angelou
"The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found." - Calvin Trillin
"The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation." - Jonathan Sacks
"In '71 or '72 I returned to New Orleans and stayed there. I started cooking Louisiana food. Of all the things I had cooked, it was the best-and it was my heritage." - Paul Prudhomme
"With respect to the environment in our state and our state's future - in addition to water which is very important here - I think it is crucial for him to make a sincere commitment to energy efficiency, fuel efficiency, by helping us to produce those cars of the future." - Jennifer Granholm
"It's not just about filming, you go to awards and interviews too. I enjoy all of it, even learning my lines!" - Christopher Parker
"No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds." - John Ruskin
"I don't really care about money. I find money boring and accounting boring, so I'm probably not going to ever make a lot of money." - Juliana Hatfield
"History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice." - Tim Pawlenty
"Well, I'm not a method actress by any stretch of the imagination so the best thing that I can do is be as real as possible and find whatever commonality in that character that I can see myself." - Rashida Jones
"Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way." - Martin Scorsese
"The cult of the individual is killing us. I think Twitter signals the death of western civilisation, but people have been saying that since Demosthenes." - Kate Atkinson
"To correct a natural indifference I was placed half-way between misery and the sun. Misery kept me from believing that all was well under the sun, and the sun taught me that history wasn't everything." - Albert Camus
"The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leaders and followers... Leaders, followers and goals make up the three equally necessary supports for leadership." - Gary Wills
"Judy, we think that since the 11th of September, 2001, we've faced a similar heightened threat level. And we've been enhancing both the exchange of intelligence and security information and the assessment of that information, because that's the crucial element." - David Blunkett
"I've got a great cigar collection - it's actually not a collection, because that would imply I wasn't going to smoke every last one of 'em." - Ron White
"I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy." - Yves Saint Laurent
"America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable." - Hunter S. Thompson
"My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever." - Andy Partridge
"This free will business is a bit terrifying anyway. It's almost pleasanter to obey, and make the most of it." - Betti, Ugo
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty." - Alexander Hamilton
"No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me." - David Bailey
"There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die." - Vittorio Alfieri
"The three most important things a man has are, briefly, his private parts, his money, and his religious opinions." - Samuel Butler
"Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey." - Lord Byron
"At the risk of appearing disingenuous, I don't really think of myself as 'writing humor.' I'm simply reporting on the world I observe, which is frequently hilarious." - Richard Russo
"A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend." - Henry David Thoreau
"Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people." - Carl Jung
"I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad." - Ricky Skaggs
"Government does not have a revenue problem government has a spending problem. Government does not have a revenue problem government has a priority problem. It is time that we begin to fine tune our focus and decide what the priority of government ought to be." - Marsha Blackburn
"I spent all my time on my movies worried that people were eating and that the schedule was being kept, so to have experts in those areas giving me the brain space as a writer and director is huge." - Lena Dunham
"Yes, it must be something that goes very well with my voice, let's say something that I understand that this would be good communication with the others, and I don't pretend for instance, to look for music that would be something that doesn't go with my personality." - Victoria de los Angeles
"Interior design is a business of trust." - Venus Williams
"I hope we will not so characterize religious people as being so narrow and so biased towards people not of their own religion that they cannot even work with them in this common cause to which you say they are committed." - Barney Frank
"Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will." - Nelson Mandela
"If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health." - Hippocrates
"God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer." - Ramakrishna
"I believe that as women, we must commit ourselves to sustaining the progress made by our foremothers who fought so hard for women's equality and liberation." - Carre Otis
"Food is our common ground, a universal experience." - James Beard
"Laughter is God's blessing." - Joseph Prince
"America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live." - Jane Addams
"There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education." - Will Rogers
"Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors." - George Santayana
"I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak." - Michael Symon
"Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used." - Mike Tyson
"That was really cool. I got to kiss a little boy. I was 7 and he was 10, and his name is Thomas Curtis. He was the first boy I've ever kissed in my entire life and he was three years older than me." - Dakota Fanning
"That's what keeps me up at three in the morning: Who's looking at reviews of Cabin Boy right now?" - Chris Elliott
"The nation that complacently and fearfully allows its artists and writers to become suspected rather than respected is no longer regarded as a nation possessed with humor or depth." - James Thurber
"I became famous almost before I had a craft." - Farrah Fawcett
"It was the courts, of course, that took away prayer from our schools, that took away Bible reading from our schools. It's the courts that gave us same-sex marriage. So it is quite a battlefield, and the Supreme Court is the highest court in the land." - Rod Parsley
"Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off." - King Abdullah II
"After adding trillions to the debt on big-government policies most Americans didn't ask for and which we couldn't afford, Democratic leaders say they need more money, which they intend to take from small business, even though small businesses create the majority of new jobs." - Mitch McConnell
"If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor." - Teri Garr
"Women are not in love with me but with the picture of me on the screen. I am merely the canvas on which women paint their dreams." - Rudolph Valentino
"In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!" - Glenn Danzig
"Perhaps measuring animal intelligence by comparing it to human intelligence isn't the best litmus test." - Ingrid Newkirk
"Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything Godlike about God it is that. He dared to imagine everything." - Henry Miller
"No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched." - George Jean Nathan
"All change is not growth; all movementis not forward." - Glasgow, Ellen
"It's opportunity. It's opportunity, not a check from government - it's opportunity that has always driven America and defined us as Americans." - Mitt Romney
"The music I do is food... that will be your dinner." - Ziggy Marley
"I was lucky enough to grow up in a home where I woke up Christmas morning and had toys. I know that's not the case with all people and I don't think kids should go without experiencing that sort of joy." - Lucy Hale
"All my early school reports from the age of 5 were 'Daniel must learn not to distract others.'" - Dan Stevens
"If Charlton Heston can have a constitutional right carry a rifle, why can't grandma have a constitutional right to health care?" - Al Sharpton
"I work six months and get three or four with the family." - Kyle Chandler
"I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal." - Trey Anastasio
"To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious." - Alastair Campbell
"In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I think my capacity to change has given me tremendous happiness, because who I am today I am completely content to be." - Jamie Lee Curtis
"What does it mean to be Catholic and not a Catholic? I feel adrift, homeless. My Catholic imagination allows me to see the soul as a lit breath, seeking the divine. It persists." - Julianna Baggott
"Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst, take the risk." - Joyce Brothers
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool." - Eddie Van Halen
"I am in very good health. I've never felt better." - Hugh Hefner
"Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results." - William James
"I don't enjoy movies in 3D. I find I can't engage with the story as well." - Guy Pearce
"I never got a formal education. So my intellect is my common sense. I don't have anything else going for me. And my common sense opens the door to instinct." - Jerry Lewis
"In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning." - Carl Sandburg
"What is most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class." - Alexis de Tocqueville
"Friendship is inexplicable, it should not be explained if one doesn't want to kill it." - Max Jacob
"Health care reform, the marquee legislative accomplishment of the Obama administration's first term, was passed before we entered the world of divided government." - Eliot Spitzer
"It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate." - Peter Krause
"In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection." - Carol Gilligan
"Hungry people cannot be good at learning or producing anything, except perhaps violence." - Pearl Bailey
"Happiness is the absence of suffering. I think it's an interesting way of looking at it. I think the absence of suffering exists very rarely in the world we live in." - Julie Christie
"There has been a change in men's attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion they're not afraid of it." - Calvin Klein
"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived." - Henry David Thoreau
"What makes me angry? The education of children. How in God's name can you expect to have a functioning society the way we teach our kids?" - Kathleen Turner
"The best things in life are silly." - Scott Adams
"Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures." - Tom Peters
"Looking back, video game design seems a natural fit, although there was no such thing when I was growing up. I built a Tic-Tac-Toe playing machine in my teens which went up in smoke on the night it was scheduled to go to a science fair." - David Crane
"My mom had me when she was 16, and I was an only child, which is probably why I received a lot of love and didn't miss that my father wasn't around." - Brett Ratner
"Most Americans are very cool people." - Henry Rollins
"Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me." - John Donne
"My personal advice is to go to school first and get a liberal arts education, and then if you want to pursue acting, go to graduate school." - Jillian Bach
"The condition every art requires is, not so much freedom from restriction, as freedom from adulteration and from the intrusion of foreign matter." - Willa Cather
"The only reason my work seems to be eclectic up to a certain period is because I was a failure as an actor." - Hugh Grant
"I was in a really crummy pop-punk band. I think we did a whole bunch of Blink-182 covers, and we were on the fringe of losers and jocks. So we invited all the cool kids to come watch us play in our bass player's brother's bedroom. And it was terrible, but everyone thought we were so cool." - Nate Ruess
"I don't think actors should ever expect to get a role, because the disappointment is too great. You've got to think of things as an opportunity. An audition's an opportunity to have an audience." - Al Pacino
"The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings." - A. J. Liebling
"This airline is grateful for his extensive contributions and we will miss his friendship and support. We extend our deepest sympathies to the Casey family on its personal loss." - Gerard Arpey
"Your kids can say some cruel things to you at times. For example, Nicole, Miles and Sofie are standing there in the room and I'm dressed to kill in my own mind. They'll say to me, 'Dad, you're not going out there looking like that are you?' If that doesn't kill a star, I don't know what does!" - Lionel Richie
"I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up." - Mandy Moore
"The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after I'm gone." - Julia Morgan
"You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut." - Carly Fiorina
"So much of design is context." - Steve Madden
"If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"We didn't have a beauty shop as I grew up." - Jenifer Lewis
"My place in history will depend on what I can do for the people and not on what the people can do for me." - William Jennings Bryan
"There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed." - James Larkin
"It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.... This, in turn, means that our statesmen, our businessmen, our everyman must take on a science fictional way of thinking." - Asimov, Isaac
"My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world." - Warwick Davis
"Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self." - B. R. Ambedkar
"Well, I'd love to work with Kate Winslet - she's amazing." - Elizabeth Olsen
"A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible." - Woodrow Wilson
"Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise." - Francis Bacon
"When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge." - Robert Kiyosaki
"What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew." - Robert Browning
"The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together." - Barbara de Angelis
"My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl." - Sarah Zettel
"It is the personality of the mistress that the home expresses. Men are forever guests in our homes, no matter how much happiness they may find there." - Elsie de Wolfe
"In the States, you can buy Chinese food. In Beijing you can buy hamburger. It's very close. Now I feel the world become a big family, like a really big family. You have many neighbors. Not like before, two countries are far away." - Jet Li
"I tend to head for what's amusing because a lot of things aren't happy. But usually you can find a funny side to practically anything." - Maggie Smith
"As I get older and I get a few more years experience I become more like Dad, you know, King Lear." - David Crystal
"A man should never neglect his family for business." - Walt Disney
"The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found." - Calvin Trillin
"But my experience is that people who have been through painful, difficult times are filled with compassion." - Amy Grant
"Even before he came to power in 1997, Gordon Brown promised to change the accounts to parliament from simple litanies of cash in and cash out, to a more commercial system that took notice of the public property the departments were using. This system is known as resource accounting." - James Buchan
"I told the brethren that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book." - Joseph Smith, Jr.
"Yes, I'm going to be the President of the United States. You know why? You think you can get chicks by being in the movies? You can really get chicks by being the President." - Ben Affleck
"You don't go to the movies to do historical research, unless it's historical research about the movies." - Tony Kushner
"I blame my mother for my poor sex life. All she told me was 'the man goes on top and the woman underneath.' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds." - Joan Rivers
"The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"In Seattle, I soon found that my radical ideas and aesthetic explorations - ideas and explorations that in Richmond, Virginia, might have gotten me stoned to death with hush puppies - were not only accepted but occasionally applauded." - Tom Robbins
"I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more." - Jon Secada
"I grew up where my parents would literally shove me in the car rather than have to say hello to a neighbor." - Amy Sherman-Palladino
"Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others." - Winston Churchill
"I don't know why, but the older I get the more interested I get in my parents' marriage. And it's interesting to be married yourself, too, because there is an inevitable comparison." - Jhumpa Lahiri
"Health has always been an important thing to me. I exercise and try to take care of myself, and drink a lot of water! And I push that to my kids so that they can carry on that same energy." - Doug E. Fresh
"When hope is not pinned wriggling onto a shiny image or expectation, it sometimes floats forth and opens." - Anne Lamott
"I would not run for president. I really like what I'm doing now. People say I'm giving them energy and hope." - Barbara Boxer
"When I was doing ensemble theater and comedy work, I felt I had some talents. But when I started doing my shows in Berkeley and found that I could be funny on my own, I was shocked." - Whoopi Goldberg
"More and more, Democrats are starting to worry they that they have a more um, colorful version of Jimmy Carter on their hands. Obama acts cool as a proverbial cucumber but that awful '70s show seems frightfully close to a rerun." - Eric Alterman
"I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person." - Audrey Hepburn
"No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything." - William Shatner
"It's fun to have money, but the more money I get, the less interesting it becomes. If you don't have very much, you have to think about it. If you are starving, you become interested in food. If you are struggling to pay the bills, money becomes tragically important." - Sebastian Junger
"Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations." - Susan Faludi
"I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself." - Tony Kanal
"I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?" - Yogi Berra
"So my father was a person who never lied to me. If I had a question, he answered it. I knew a lot of things at a young age because I was intrigued." - Nick Cannon
"Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands." - Jerry Lewis
"Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on." - Michael Sheen
"Well, my dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years." - Harry Connick, Jr.
"But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose." - Lafcadio Hearn
"There's some movies I watch, they're kind of like my anti-anxiety pill, my anti-depressant pill. I watch them at least once or twice a month probably. And I never stop learning from them as a filmmaker." - Mike Mills
"The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control." - Ogden Nash
"We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids' diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We don't buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time." - Cat Cora
"There is no room for legal hair-splitting when it comes to the humane treatment of detainees - not in a nation founded on the rule of law and respect for human rights." - Dick Durbin
"She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth." - Christina Rossetti
"At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I can't say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake." - Goran Ivanisevic
"To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history." - Ralph Abernathy
"It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"No matter how vital experience might be while you lived it, no sooner was it ended and dead than it became as lifeless as the piles of dry dust in a school history book." - Ellen Glasgow
"To this day, I hate walnuts and I hate onions because on weekends when the walnuts and onions were in season, we were out there first thing in the morning and out there until the sun went down topping onions or picking walnuts." - Scott Brooks
"I fear other actors who are not prepared. And I fear directors who are afraid." - Tommy Lee Jones
"Most men, after a little freedom, have preferred authority with the consoling assurances and the economy of effort it brings." - Walter Lippmann
"One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time." - Hermann Hesse
"I never doubted that equal rights was the right direction. Most reforms, most problems are complicated. But to me there is nothing complicated about ordinary equality." - Alice Paul
"The best director is the one you don't see." - Billy Wilder
"To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle." - Kong Fu Zi
"There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness." - Josh Billings
"Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake." - Henry David Thoreau
"I will never understand people who think that the way to show their righteous opposition to sexual freedom is to write letters full of filthy words." - Anna Quindlen
"If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools." - Mike Davidson
"I try and eat really healthy when I'm home, but I certainly don't eat worms and snakes." - Bear Grylls
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world." - Harriet Tubman
"I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and have a family. Women are nearly always seen as victims." - Francesca Annis
"An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission." - Fred Allen
"Worry - a God, invisible but omnipotent. It steals the bloom from the cheek and lightness from the pulse it takes away the appetite, and turns the hair gray." - Benjamin Disraeli
"There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age." - Bill Bryson
"If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works." - Noam Chomsky
"I do not see any beauty in self-restraint." - Mary MacLane
"Someday we'll learn the whole story of why George W. Bush brushed off that intelligence briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, 'Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.' But surely a big distraction was the major speech he was readying for delivery on Aug. 9, his first prime-time address to the nation." - Frank Rich
"Comics, for me, is being able to sing alone in the shower. I find it freeing. You just pick up a pen and get to it." - Shia LaBeouf
"Being a parent is not for the faint of heart. I may joke about knowing fear, but the fact is, the first time I ever knew real fear was the day Charlotte, my first child, was born. Suddenly there is someone in the world you care about more than anything." - Harlan Coben
"I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me." - George Osborne
"God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple." - Chanakya
"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is." - Erma Bombeck
"I get way too much happiness from good food." - Elizabeth Olsen
"The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah." - Abu Bakr
"Health care reform, the marquee legislative accomplishment of the Obama administration's first term, was passed before we entered the world of divided government." - Eliot Spitzer
"We must believe in luck for how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?" - Cocteau, Jean
"To be educated, a person doesn't have to know much or be informed, but he or she does have to have been exposed vulnerably to the transformative events of an engaged human life." - Thomas More
"So when you do your family tree and Margaret Cho does hers, and... Wanda Sykes and John Legend... we're adding to the database that scholars can then draw from to generalize about the complexity of the American experience. And that's the contribution that family trees make to broader scholarship." - Henry Louis Gates
"Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality." - Rowan D. Williams
"Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it." - P. J. O'Rourke
"I turned down twelve films last year... Huge money films, but I had no respect for the writer or the work." - Shia LaBeouf
"Now, people when I say that look at me and say, 'What are you talking about, Joe? You're telling me we have to go spend money to keep from going bankrupt?'. The answer is yes, that's what I'm telling you." - Joe Biden
"Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted." - Steve Harvey
"Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory." - Joshua Foer
"Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure." - Stacie Orrico
"Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath. To care for your patient, not to kill them. You take an oath to do things that are proper in the medical world. Not to administer something outside of a hospital setting that's not even your area." - Jermaine Jackson
"Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions!" - Alexander Alekhine
"It was a joy to be a part of the team that created Round The Horne. I was involved with the show at a time of my life when I was very happy., and that happiness overflowed into the scripts." - Barry Took
"The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So I'll play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me it's a form of expression that all I need is me. I don't need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified." - Jeremy Renner
"I learned that people everywhere are basically the same and have similar goals that we do. They want health and happiness and the opportunity to provide for their families." - Steve Kerr
"If a building looks better under construction than it does when finished, then it's a failure." - Doug Coupland
"A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about." - Miguel de Unamuno
"My mom, the fabulous Bertie Kinsey, is an amazing seamstress. She quilts and sews and is so crafty. We call her the Southern Martha Stewart!" - Angela Kinsey
"A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten." - John F. Kennedy
"My father and mother were second cousins, though they did not meet till shortly before their marriage." - Patrick White
"You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination." - Jennifer Lopez
"You must realize that honorary degrees are given generally to people whose SAT scores were too low to get them into schools the regular way. As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy." - Neil Simon
"I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them." - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own." - Peter Jennings
"First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture." - Gustav Stickley
"I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own." - Jackson Pollock
"I have found it easier to identify with the characters who verge upon hysteria, who were frightened of life, who were desperate to reach out to another person. But these seemingly fragile people are the strong people really." - Tennessee Williams
"Our constitutional liberties shall not be sacrificed in our search for greater security, for that is what our enemies and all enemies of freedom and democracy hope to achieve." - Tammy Baldwin
"I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused." - Baruch Spinoza
"I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future." - Taylor Swift
"You have to discover when you're inadequate to be funny and you don't know you're inadequate when you're a kid." - Larry David
"If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch." - A. N. Wilson
"There are people who own cars and are getting free cell phones. A car helps one find a job, too. Where do you draw the line?" - Timothy Griffin
"Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. " - Seneca, Lucius Annaeus
"Everyone who understands the nature of God rightly necessarily knows that God is to be believed and hoped in, that he is to be loved and called upon, and to be heard in all things." - William Ames
"My mom was really vigorous about making sure that we saw things and that we questioned things. Education was so important to both of my parents." - Jennifer Garner
"It is a curious phenomena that God has made the hearts of the poor, rich and those of the rich, poor." - Vinoba Bhave
"Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks." - Doug Larson
"In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running." - Bear Grylls
"A complacent satisfaction with present knowledge is the chief bar to the pursuit of knowledge." - B. H. Liddell Hart
"Chelsea Morning is a great Joni Mitchell song and I guess I'm partial to her lyrics because they show me a slightly different perspective on life." - Neil Diamond
"I've noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. It's not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you." - David Walliams
"The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldn't cross the road to see them. It's people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones." - Nick Lowe
"My mom thought I might be good for voiceover. She thought I had a cute voice, so maybe I could do a cartoon or something. And while we were looking into that, we also thought I should get into theater acting, so I tried it and the first audition I went on, I booked it. And it kind of just snowballed from there." - Atticus Shaffer
"I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I don't download movies, I don't watch Hulu, I don't have Netflix. I don't do any of that. But I do geek out to music." - Miles Teller
"Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay." - Aldous Huxley
"The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line." - H. L. Mencken
"Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together." - Petrarch
"Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale." - Zig Ziglar
"I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star." - Sojourner Truth
"Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages." - Irene Peter
"I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values." - Al Sharpton
"I came up poor. My mother only had a fourth-grade education. My dad didn't have any education at all. But they were very structured. They worked hard. You know, they didn't complain. They didn't murmur. And they believe in the Christ." - Evander Holyfield
"They have decided to tour under the name of Ten Years After which I don't think is very cool. To be honest, they have had to do that as it's the only way they can get any work." - Alvin Lee
"Visible Faith is an expression of my Christian faith which must be visible to be real! I gave the name to the collection of musicians who worked with me on the record." - Ken Hensley
"Even today, in our progressive times, in most movies that come out, the men have to have biceps and the women have to be thin or something." - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it." - Thomas Paine
"But if you're asking my opinion, I would argue that a social justice approach should be central to medicine and utilized to be central to public health. This could be very simple: the well should take care of the sick." - Paul Farmer
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude." - Glenn Danzig
"I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical." - Joel Osteen
"Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are." - Bertolt Brecht
"God never ends anything on a negative God always ends on a positive." - Edwin Louis Cole
"Failure is impossible." - Susan B. Anthony
"Without sound conservation and management measures, fisheries will quickly become depleted and a basic component of global food security will be lost." - Sigmar Gabriel
"I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me." - Stephen Fry
"The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong." - Jeremy Bentham
"I fear that our true motivation is about oil and our own flailing economy about the failure to destroy Al Qaeda and about revenge." - Dave Matthews
"When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance." - Joel Osteen
"My hobbies include maintaining my physical and mental health. It's a full-time job. Yoga definitely helps for both of them. I'm a big fan of relaxing and not having a schedule. That's my best way to keep from going crazy." - Olivia Thirlby
"Ever since Israel has been a nation the United States has provided the leadership. Every president down to the ages has done this in a fairly balanced way, including George Bush senior, Gerald Ford, and others including myself and Bill Clinton." - Jimmy Carter
"The President has a wonderful sense of humor, which is one of the reasons it is so much fun to work for him." - Karen Hughes
"Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness." - Ouida
"Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death." - Earl Wilson
"Why should you have to atone for making big movies?" - Emily Blunt
"Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy." - Edmund Burke
"When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end." - Eamon de Valera
"You are doomed to make choices. This is life's greatest paradox." - Wayne Dyer
"I like today and perhaps a little future still, but the past is really something I'm not interested in. So, as far as I'm concerned, I like only the past of things and people I don't know. When I know, I don't care because I knew how it was." - Karl Lagerfeld
"Few expected very much of Franklin Roosevelt on Inauguration Day in 1933. Like Barack Obama seventy-six years later, he was succeeding a failed Republican president, and Americans had voted for change. What that change might be Roosevelt never clearly said, probably because he himself didn't know." - Russell Baker
"If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great." - Tom Hanks
"You must also give mental and physical fitness priority." - Jim Otto
"My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl." - Sarah Zettel
"Now, for this book I had to learn the world of the Senate, which is really for all that's written about the Senate, an unknowing world and its mores, and the way things work with subcommittees and all. I loved learning about that." - Robert Caro
"Fear tastes like a rusty knife and do not let her into your house." - John Cheever
"First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it." - Michelle Pfeiffer
"Doctors coin money when they do procedures but family medicine doesn't have any procedures." - David Jones
"My dream is to reform the legal system over the next 20 years." - David Eagleman
"I've exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years. For the most part, these communications took place before my marriage, though some have sadly took place after. To be clear, I have never met any of these women or had physical relationships at any time." - Anthony Weiner
"A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live." - Elizabeth Edwards
"Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom." - Gustave Flaubert
"I think anybody who's famous has to deal with their fame in their own way, and I dealt with it by making a film about a kid who's looking out into the world of celebrity obsession." - Adrian Grenier
"If you can find the line between sympathetic and creepy, you have reached a very funny area." - Jason Segel
"You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do." - Norman Douglas
"I am a perfectionist but I know how to live life. When I'm working, it's 100%. When I'm with my friends, I put everything away and enjoy life. When I come home to my kids, it's pure joy and everything's worth it. Every time, I really focus 100 percent on one thing. I've learned how to juggle my life and I feel like now I have the perfect balance." - Monique Lhuillier
"I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future." - Taylor Swift
"My dad was a particularly polite kind of guy, very courteous." - Paul McCartney
"The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination." - Moses Hadas
"But what I was going to say was, I just figured I'm going to go boldly in the direction of my dreams, say it as Thoreau would say, and just see where it takes me." - Demetri Martin
"When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that." - Ricky Williams
"I've got the greatest job in the world. There's no other job in government where cause and effect is so tightly coupled where you can make a difference every day in so many different ways and in so many different people's lives. It's a great challenge." - Michael Bloomberg
"Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price." - Alex Chiu
"No one person invented Mulberry. The knowledge that we had to have this floating harbor slowly grew." - Lord Mountbatten
"I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age." - Holly Madison
"That's what's nice about directing a film and having it done: There's nothing more I can do about it. It's done. That's it. All I can do is let it go and hope that people are kind to it." - Tom Hanks
"The human race, to which so many of my readers belong, has been playing at children's games from the beginning, and will probably do it till the end, which is a nuisance for the few people who grow up. And one of the games which it is most attached is called, "Keep tomorrow dark," and which is also named (by the rustics in Shropshire, I have no doubt) "Cheat the Prophet." The players listen very carefully and respectfully to all that the clever men have to say about what is to happen in the next generation. The players then wait until all the clever men are dead, and bury them nicely. Then they go and do something else. That is all. For a race of simple tastes, however, it is great fun." - Chesterson, G.K.
"While the laughter of joy is in full harmony with our deeper life, the laughter of amusement should be kept apart from it. The danger is too great of thus learning to look at solemn things in a spirit of mockery, and to seek in them opportunities for exercising wit." - Lewis Carroll
"You can change friends but not neighbours." - Atal Bihari Vajpayee
"Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person." - Mark Twain
"I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, it's kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history." - Michael Phelps
"Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you she is after your barn." - Hesiod
"In art the best is good enough." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I tried a dozen different modifications that were rejected. But they all served as a path to the final design." - Mikhail Kalashnikov
"Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future." - Dale Turner
"It's always been my personal feeling that unless you are married, there is something that is not very dignified about talking about who you are dating." - Luke Wilson
"The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30." - Charlie Rose
"This is a moment in history where it is almost hard to catch your breath." - Hillary Clinton
"Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death." - Pearl S. Buck
"Those who own much have much to fear." - Rabindranath Tagore
"Success has always been a great liar." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living." - Ursula Andress
"I think, though, if I had to look at the role of government and what it does in people's lives, I see the EEOC as having much more legitimacy than the others, if properly run." - Clarence Thomas
"I used to work in a funeral home to feel good about myself, just the fact that I was breathing." - Chuck Palahniuk
"Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?" - Jay-Z
"They eat the dainty food of famous chefs with the same pleasure with which they devour gross peasant dishes, mostly composed of garlic and tomatoes, or fisherman's octopus and shrimps, fried in heavily scented olive oil on a little deserted beach." - Luigi Barzini
"I have a tendency to sabotage relationships I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts." - Michael Buble
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment." - Ansel Adams
"I think it is really important to have a sense of business. As a designer you can get so wrapped up in the design and fashion side that you forget the business side." - Tommy Hilfiger
"To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind." - William Hazlitt
"As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing." - Karl Rove
"Does an architecture to assuage the spirit have a place?" - Arthur Erickson
"The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence." - Martin McGuinness
"Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave." - Mary Tyler Moore
"Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship." - Benjamin Franklin
"Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?" - Barbra Streisand
"Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally." - Al Gore
"There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age." - Sophia Loren
"No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me." - Helena Bonham Carter
"The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation." - Tim Berners-Lee
"A silent man is easily reputed wise. A man who suffers none to see him in the common jostle and undress of life, easily gathers round him a mysterious veil of unknown sanctity, and men honor him for a saint. The unknown is always wonderful." - Frederick William Robertson
"But I do not believe that the world would be entirely different if there were more women leaders. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me." - Madeleine Albright
"Cowardice... is almost always simply a lack of ability to suspend functioning of the imagination." - Ernest Hemingway
"Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends." - Samuel Pepys
"I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession." - Bette Midler
"I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age." - Lena Dunham
"Happiness, to some, elation Is, to others, mere stagnation." - Amy Lowell
"A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone." - Robert Frost
"I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration." - Jil Sander
"I think it was my study of history that convinced me that the Democratic Party was more on the side of the average American." - George McGovern
"A political prisoner is someone who is out fighting for his or her people's rights and freedom and is imprisoned for that alone." - Leonard Peltier
"The paranoiac is the exact image of the ruler. The only difference is their position in the world. One might even think the paranoiac the more impressive of the two because he is sufficient unto himself and cannot be shaken by failure." - Elias Canetti
"Somewhere in my wildest childhood I must have done something right. Being able to make a boyhood dream come true is one thing, but to have a kid come along and thrill his dad like Brett Hull has thrilled me over his career is too much for one guy to handle." - Bobby Hull
"Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of." - Anita Brookner
"Shanghai set out to take over from Hong Kong and I think it's done that. It's got the most amazing futuristic skyline which rivals and even betters Tokyo." - Paul Oakenfold
"My sense of the family history is somewhat sketchy, because my mother kept a great deal to herself." - Julie Andrews
"I remember when I was 11, I told my mom, 'One day I'm going to buy you a house.' And she said, 'Boy, don't you be making promises you can't keep.' I was like: 'No, Ma, it's not a promise. I'm going to buy you a house one day.'" - will.i.am
"Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men." - Confucius
"A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment." - Liz Carpenter
"Through first-class education, a generation marches down the long uncertain road of the future with confidence." - Wynton Marsalis
"Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want." - Jeffrey Sachs
"Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make." - Debra Winger
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!" - Alexander Pope
"I mean, yeah, I'm sure that Python and the other things have paved the way for a greater understanding of the British sense of humor, but I don't think it's all that different than the American sense of humor." - Simon Pegg
"Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit." - Benjamin Disraeli
"I think we have lost our groove as a country. One of the reasons was the attack on 9/11. We got knocked off our game. From a country that always exported hope we went into the business of exporting fear." - Thomas Friedman
"Friendship is Love without his wings!" - Lord Byron
"Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them." - P. J. O'Rourke
"It's her first grandchild, so she's really, really, really excited. I guess my mom is a little more stressed out than me." - Brandy Norwood
"Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else." - Frederic Bastiat
"If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America." - Eldridge Cleaver
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities." - Dr. Seuss
"My mom still lives in Denver and some of my brothers are still in the area, so I still have strong ties there." - Terrell Davis
"I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it." - Virginia Woolf
"Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next." - Tyra Banks
"My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success." - Barack Obama
"Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best." - Andrew Carnegie
"I'm not a fighter, but I would love to be a boxer because I love the courage and toughness. I mean, there can be nothing more terrifying than walking into an arena and looking at Mike Tyson in the ring." - Mark McGrath
"My books are shelved in different places, depending on the bookstore. Sometimes they can be found in the Mystery section, sometimes in the Humor department, and occasionally even in the Literature aisle, which is somewhat astounding." - Carl Hiaasen
"I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine." - Barry Goldwater
"I'm a survivor of life. I try to give the glory to God and appreciate what's happening to me." - Mike Epps
"The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work." - John Ruskin
"Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything." - Matthew Fox
"There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible." - Samuel Johnson
"We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further." - Richard Dawkins
"I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big." - Lady Gaga
"The people who live in a golden age usually go around complaining how yellow everything looks." - Randall Jarrell
"It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling." - Mark Twain
"Swearing is industry language. For as long as we're alive it's not going to change. You've got to be boisterous to get results." - Gordon Ramsay
"To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'" - Rita Rudner
"Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'" - William J. Clinton
"Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it." - Tom Holt
"My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward." - Kenny Loggins
"As a former career intelligence professional, I have a profound appreciation for the value of intelligence. Intelligence disrupts terrorist plots and thwarts attacks. Intelligence saves lives." - John O. Brennan
"There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going." - J. B. Priestley
"When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. Let your reason get you back up." - Les Brown
"We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States." - Jimmy Carter
"As an investor, what we're not looking for is 'oh this is a cool app,' it's 'is this something that can become a big business?' You need to find those that can become real businesses." - Niklas Zennstrom
"We may sooner be brought to love them that hate us, than them that love us more than we would have them do." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Marriage, like death, is a debt we owe to nature." - Julia Ward Howe
"That is ever the way. Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse." - J. M. Barrie
"I did not compose my work as one might put on a church vestment... rather it sprung from the truly fervent faith of my heart, such as I have felt it since my childhood." - Franz Liszt
"I am endlessly busy, bringing up five young kids, and trying to keep up with the three older ones. I still spend most of my life driving car pools." - Danielle Steel
"When good Americans die they go to Paris." - Oscar Wilde
"Try to realize it's all within yourself no one else can make you change, and to see you're only very small and life flows on within you and without you." - George Harrison
"A good laugh is sunshine in the house." - William Makepeace Thackeray
"This president has said this has to be a priority for our nation, protecting our food supply from terrorist acts, so he continues to provide the funding that is necessary." - Mike Johanns
"History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another.... Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained." - Darwin, Charles
"I don't think it's too hippie to want to clean up the planet so you don't wind up dying of some kind of cancer when you're 45 years old. It enrages me that these big cancer-research organizations can't be bothered to man the front lines of environmental protest." - Jello Biafra
"My dad's era believed that there was something noble in being a good guy - the kind of guy that lived straight and narrow, told the truth, and stood up for what he believed was right." - Dean Norris
"I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices." - Amy Grant
"I love marriage. I failed at marriage, but I'd rather go into anything with gusto and fail than go into it half-assed." - Kirstie Alley
"I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself." - Nelson Mandela
"Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it." - Henry David Thoreau
"The failure of Christianity in the areas west from Sicily was even greater, and was increased by the spread of Arab outlooks and influence to that area, and especially to Spain." - Carroll Quigley
"You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, and the great charm of all power is modesty." - Louisa May Alcott
"I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?'" - Kristen Stewart
"People look at me, and they go, 'You're white, you're smart, you must have went to college. You must have grown up with money.'" - Adam Carolla
"Make no mistake, a 'yes' vote on the Democrats' health care bill is a vote for taxpayer-funded abortions." - John Boehner
"To say I drank my way into marriage isn't much of an exaggeration, and it's none at all to say I drank my way out of it." - Lawrence Block
"The main thing is to make history, not to write it." - Otto von Bismarck
"I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it." - Bill Rancic
"Faith means intense, usually confident, belief that is not based on evidence sufficient to command assent from every reasonable person." - Walter Kaufmann
"We do not know, in most cases, how far social failure and success are due to heredity, and how far to environment. But environment is the easier of the two to improve." - John B. S. Haldane
"It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest." - Richard Hammond
"The U. S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself." - Benjamin Franklin
"I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life." - Jimmy Carter
"My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor." - Dane Cook
"Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business." - Jack Welch
"The architecture of our future is not only unfinished the scaffolding has hardly gone up." - George Lamming
"Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life." - Oscar Wilde
"Music is an art that expresses the inexpressible. It rises far above what words can mean or the intelligence define. Its domain is the imponderable and impalpable land of the unconscious." - Charles Munch
"Not to be born is, past all prizing, best." - Sophocles
"Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another." - Ayn Rand
"A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running." - Groucho Marx
"I have worked to expand the health care debate beyond the current for-profit system, to include a public option and an amendment to free the states to pursue single payer." - Dennis Kucinich
"Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather." - Ilka Chase
"I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so I'm cool with that." - Mos Def
"I am on my way to Ghana tomorrow morning and you just need to know that this Administration is very focused on doing all we can to promote economic development in this part of the world, in Africa, throughout Africa, North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa." - Donald Evans
"If your house is burning, wouldn't you try and put out the fire?" - Imran Khan
"Americans chose a limited government that exists to protect our rights, not to grant them." - Marco Rubio
"The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use." - Dan Lipinski
"There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage." - Martin Luther
"The new job of art is to sit on the wall and get more expensive." - Robert Hughes
"I am prejudiced in favor of him who, without impudence, can ask boldly. He has faith in humanity, and faith in himself. No one who is not accustomed to giving grandly can ask nobly and with boldness." - Johann Kaspar Lavater
"Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first." - Peter Ustinov
"Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness." - Dag Hammarskjold
"I prefer to think of myself as a musician who is still learning and trying to do something every time out." - Geddy Lee
"If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!" - Marie de France
"Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective." - Donald Rumsfeld
"I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me." - Kevin Pietersen
"I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button." - Francis Ford Coppola
"Close contact between science and the practice of collective farms and State farms creates inexhaustible opportunities for the development of theoretical knowledge, enabling us to learn ever more and more about the nature of living bodies and the soil." - Trofim Lysenko
"And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life." - Elton John
"All I know about thermal pollution is that if we continue our present rate of growth in electrical energy consumption it will simply take, by the year 2000, all our freshwater streams to cool the generators and reactors." - David R. Brower
"Great minds are related to the brief span of time during which they live as great buildings are to a little square in which they stand: you cannot see them in all their magnitude because you are standing too close to them." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt." - Emma Roberts
"On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable." - Emma Goldman
"They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them." - Douglas MacArthur
"Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin." - Honore de Balzac
"If we became students of Malcolm X, we would not have young black men out there killing each other like they're killing each other now. Young black men would not be impregnating young black women at the rate going on now. We'd not have the drugs we have now, or the alcoholism." - Spike Lee
"Increased revenues, meaning higher taxes, will be a central element of any successful long-term budget plan, and President Obama is right to insist that the wealthy - the slice of America that has come through the recession in by far the best financial health - should provide those funds." - Steven Rattner
"I've never won an award for anything, and I think it's weird. I mean, that's really cool but it's strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange." - Bobby Cannavale
"The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight." - Charles Baudelaire
"A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." - Bob Hope
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy." - Robert A. Heinlein
"It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable." - Theodor Herzl
"An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it." - Laurence J. Peter
"See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college." - Michelle Obama
"Love is supreme and unconditional like is nice but limited." - Duke Ellington
"What's in front of you is a whole world of experiences beyond your imagination. Put yourself, and your growth and development, first." - Phylicia Rashad
"In Afghanistan, there is a plan to build democracy hundreds of thousands of troops are protecting it. There is a plan to rebuild and reconstruct there. But many thousands of Americans die from violence and poverty every year and we don't have a plan for reconstruction at home." - Jesse Jackson
"No country in the history of the world has ever contributed more to humankind and accomplished more for its people in so brief a period of time as Israel has done since its relatively recent rebirth in 1948." - Alan Dershowitz
"Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too." - Joan Rivers
"The best books... are those that tell you what you know already." - George Orwell
"I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business." - Betty White
"Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death." - Elbert Hubbard
"My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical." - Tim Heidecker
"I went from 118 pounds to 135 pounds in a few months. But, I still didn't know anything about food." - Warren Cuccurullo
